The Building (Scotland) Act 2003 stopped the need for a council completion certificate to be issued. However, the council wants the final say on whether pupils can return to all 17 schools closed over safety fears. The council is to have a "clearer picture" from surveys on Friday. Why are Edinburgh schools closed? Seventeen schools built or modernised just over a decade ago under the controversial Public Private Partnership arrangement scheme were shut earlier this month over safety concerns. The council had entered into a deal to build the schools with the specially-formed private company, the Edinburgh Schools Partnership, and construction work was carried out by Miller Construction. Under the deal, the profit-making company built the schools, runs the buildings and maintains them. The council is, in effect, a tenant. Children at all 17 schools are now back in classrooms but finding alternative accommodation has been a major logistical operation and some youngsters face lengthy journeys to temporary sites. Some form of investigation or inquiry into the debacle is expected to be launched after the Scottish election. Schools closed over safety fears 7,600 Primary and secondary pupils affected by the closures 61 Alternative schools are being used 655 Teachers relocated 70  Bus services laid on to transport pupils A City of Edinburgh Council spokesman said: "The council will appoint independent experts to give us the necessary reassurance that work carried out by the Edinburgh Schools Partnership and its contractors is of the required standard to ensure the safety of children."
Patrick McClean is ruled out while Ryan McBride, Aaron Barry, Dean Jarvis and Conor McDermott are all struggling to be fit and face late fitness decisions. Derry lie third in the table, six places above their opponents. The Candystripes have taken just one point from the previous two league matches between the sides this season. "I respect Finn Harps immensely and I expect it to be a fantastic derby occasion," said Shiels. "Their manager Ollie Horgan has done a fantastic job on a limited budget. They will go into the game with no fear but it's of paramount importance that we win. "I'm always loathe to predict the outcome of derby matches as there are so many twists of fate involved and so many things can go against you, including the rub of the green with decisions." The Brandywell men face an important encounter with second-placed Cork City on Monday night but the Derry boss is keen to adopt the old maxim of 'one game at a time'. "I always say that the most important game is your next one so we will be concentrating solely on Finn Harps to begin with. "We will just drive on and hope that our luck changes a bit in terms of performance and outcomes. "We have played well in our last three games but only took a point apiece from the clashes with Sligo Rovers and St Patrick's Athletic, and lost to Limerick." There will be live commentary of the game on BBC Radio Foyle 94.1FM and the BBC Sport website from 20:00 BST.
Manager Chris Coleman says he does not know when Ledley will be available to play in France. Adam Matthews, Paul Dummett, Emyr Huws and Wes Burns were cut from Chris Coleman's training camp group. Coleman dismissed concerns over the fitness of Gareth Bale after suffering cramp in the Champions League final. Three players - forwards Tom Bradshaw and Tom Lawrence and defender Adam Henley  - were not considered because of injuries. Wales begin their campaign against Slovakia on 11 June, before facing England five days later. Media playback is not supported on this device Ledley, 29, missed the FA Cup final after being injured playing for Crystal Palace on 7 May. Manager Chris Coleman, who recently signed a new deal after leading Wales to a first major tournament in 58 years, says Ledley 'is looking good' and should be back to play his part in the group stages. "We can't say he is going to be ready, we don't know that," he said. "He's included because of what he brings to the squad. "He deserves the chance. The conversation is, what stage of the group games will he be available for? "He is in the squad because he is looking good. "In the last three or four years he has been fantastic for us." Coleman also said striker Hal Robson-Kanu is suffering with a 'leg issue' while Joe Allen is also struggling for fitness ahead of Wales' final warm-up game in Sweden on 5 June. Wales Euro 2016 squad: Goalkeepers: Wayne Hennessey (Crystal Palace), Danny Ward (Liverpool), Owain Fon Williams (Inverness). Defenders: Ben Davies (Tottenham Hotspur), Neil Taylor (Swansea City), Chris Gunter (Reading), Ashley Williams (Captain, Swansea), James Chester (West Brom), Ashley Richards (Fulham), James Collins (West Ham). Midfielders: Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal), Joe Ledley (Crystal Palace), David Vaughan (Nottingham Forest), Joe Allen (Liverpool), Jonathan Williams (Crystal Palace), George Williams (Fulham), Andy King (Leicester), Dave Edwards (Wolves). Forwards: Gareth Bale (Real Madrid), Hal Robson-Kanu (Reading), Sam Vokes (Burnley), Simon Church (MK Dons),  David Cotterill (Birmingham City) Pick the XI that you think can take Wales to the final of Euro 2016 - and then share it with your friends using our team selector.
Ministers say it is necessary so police and security services can access the data they need after a legal ruling which declared existing powers invalid. The proposed law has the backing of Labour and the coalition parties. A special cabinet is being held to agree the planned laws, which will only last until 2016. Prime Minister David Cameron and his Lib Dem Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg will tell a special cabinet meeting on Thursday that emergency legislation is necessary to keep the country safe. A recent ruling of the European Court of Justice has removed the obligation on telecoms companies to retain records of when and who their customers have called, texted and emailed. Without a new law Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg will claim that that information could be destroyed within weeks by companies fearing legal challenges. Labour is backing emergency legislation after all-party talks agreed that this law would enshrine existing rights and not be used to extend them by re-introducing the so-called "snoopers charter". It will also bring in so-called safeguards including: Critics will no doubt argue that the time for that debate is now. To pass any new law in just a week is rare. So too is it to have the backing of all three main parties even before it is published. On a subject as sensitive as giving the police and security services access to phone and internet data this is bound to be controversial. Update 08:45 BST: The emergency legislation will oblige telecom firms to retain data for 12 months. Under the European law which it replaces companies could be asked to retain data for 24 months. More controversially the new law will also produce what is being described as a "clearer legal framework" to allow access to the content of calls, texts and emails after a warrant is signed by a senior government minister. Telecoms companies are said to have warned ministers that after the Edward Snowden revelations they are vulnerable to legal challenge by their customers. The Labour MP Tom Watson has condemned the plans as a "stitch up" which prevent MPs from considering the legislation properly.
Hollywood actress Glenn Close stars in the musical, which opened on Monday evening at London's Coliseum theatre. Writing in The Guardian, Michael Billington said the new production had given the show "a new lease of life". "Close delivers the big lines not with a camp flourish but as if they were sincerely felt," he said. Billington noted that the show had "none of the epic scale of the original London production" but added this was to the producers' credit: "Sometimes semi-staged is better than the luxurious grandeur of an elephantine West End musical." Glenn Close is reprising the role of Norma Desmond, a character she first played in Los Angeles in 1993. She won a Tony award for her Broadway performance in 1995. Holly Williams from theatre website WhatsOnStage said: "It might be 20 years since she bagged a Tony in this part, but I wouldn't bet against her scooping a few shiny new gongs this time round." However, some critics did note that Close's voice occasionally struggled with the higher notes. "[Close's] vocal instrument may not be as sharp as it once was, but she brings an utterly ferocious intensity to the part and the songs," Mark Shenton wrote in his review for The Stage. Time Out also had some criticisms of the production: "Like many later Andrew Lloyd Webber musicals, Sunset Boulevard is not brilliant." Andrzej Lukowski added that "69-year-old Close is definitely a bit old to play 50-year-old silent movie star Norma Desmond". Rod McPhee, writing in The Daily Mirror, said Close "masterfully belts out the show's biggest numbers, and earned rapturous applause as a result. Her first musical in London's West End proves that she's far from a fading star." Sunset Boulevard tells the story of a Hollywood writer named Joe (played in the new production by Michael Xavier), who is being chased by mob creditors. Joe seeks refuge in a Los Angeles mansion, only to discover it is already being inhabited by Norma Desmond, a wealthy but forgotten silent movie star. Culture minister Ed Vaizey attended Monday evening's performance, tweeting: "Absolutely wonderful. Glenn Close gives the performance of a lifetime. One of the best things I have seen." Speaking to the BBC after she came off stage on Monday evening, Close said: "Norma Desmond is one of the best parts ever written for a woman." "It's a phenomenal show, it's such an exciting journey and
The government wants to reverse the effects of a court ruling which expands the number of people who can claim Personal Independence Payments. The PM's official spokesman said the welfare system was a "strong safety net for those who are in need of it". Meanwhile, a No 10 aide apologised for any offence after saying benefits should go to "really disabled people". No 10 policy unit head George Freeman had faced calls to apologise after saying on Sunday those "taking pills at home, who suffer from anxiety" should not receive Personal Independence Payments. On Monday he tweeted: "Having experienced myself traumatic anxiety as a child carer living w alcohol I know all too well the pain anxiety + depression causes... "Which is why as a former health minister and policy adviser I am passionate about supporting mental health and disability, and hugely regret if my comment about the need to prioritise the most 'serious disabilities' inadvertently caused any offence which was not intended." The prime minister's official spokesman said the Personal Independence Payments (PIP) reforms were not about saving money and said that about Â£50bn a year was spent on supporting people with disabilities and health conditions. "The government has been clear on the parity of esteem we want to see between mental and physical health," the spokesman said. "What we are doing now is restoring the original intention of the PIPs which was to make sure there was a sustainable benefit to provide continued support to those who face the greatest barrier to living independent lives." Pressed on whether the prime minister had a message for those who could be affected by the changes, the spokesman said "nobody is losing out". He said a recent tribunal on assessments for PIP payments had "broadened" the criteria. The government is proposing changes to PIPs, which replaced the Disability Living Allowance, after tribunal rulings that claimants with psychological problems who cannot travel without help must be treated like those who are blind. The government says the rulings - if unchallenged - would have added Â£3.7bn to the benefits bill by 2023. The benefit is intended to help people cope with the extra costs of living with ill health or disability and are made according to the points a person scores in an assessment of their needs. Disabilities minister Penny Mordaunt said she was reforming the PIP payments to "restore the original aim
Tennyson, 22, will challenge Walsh for his belt at the Copper Box Arena. Known as 'The Assassin' he has a 16-1 record with 13 knockouts since turning pro in September 2012 and joined Warren's stable on Monday. "It's massive, I feel this move could bring my career to the next level," Tennyson said. "Beyond British title fights, I believe Frank Warren can bring me bigger and better titles in the future." Tennyson is the mandatory challenger to Walsh after dispatching Antonio Horvatic inside a round in Belfast last month. His British featherweight title fight is on the undercard of Billy Joe Saunders' first WBO middleweight world title defence against Ukraine's Max Bursak. "I'm not expecting to go in and blow Ryan Walsh out of the water because he's a good fighter, and he's the British champion for a reason," said Tennyson. "I'm going to go in and get the job done regardless, but I'm training for 12 rounds."
If Scots were to be seven dwarves, that's what they might be called. (Until the nation's cynics get to work, of course.) Instead, they are the attributes with which Scotland's tourism agency is seeking to engage Scots and their spirit in making the country more attractive to visitors. There's a lot to do if VisitScotland and the industry are to hit an ambitious target. And it's one of the sectors that needs to succeed if Scotland is to turn around a formidable rise in its trade imbalance. The trade imbalance may not matter much, so long as Scotland is tied into the pound and part of the UK. But it is a useful indicator of economic health, and rather important to those who want to see another independence referendum. The Scottish government's figures for the whole Scottish economy have just been published, to cover the third quarter of last year, up to September. They show that, between July and September, Scots sold £6.1bn of goods and services overseas. They imported £5.1bn. That's a trade surplus, while the UK as a whole is running some very large external trade deficits. So that can't be bad for Scotland. But what about trade within the UK? Scots sold goods and services worth £10.4bn in the third quarter to the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland. The flow coming the other way was rather larger: £15.2bn. The trade deficit with the rest of the UK rose to £14bn in 2014, from an economy with total output of nearly £140bn. John McLaren, a keen observer of these numbers, who used to work for Public Finance Scotland, observes that the first nine months of last year saw that deteriorate sharply. Roughly £750m less was being sold to the rest of the UK, and £750m more was being bought from it. The fall in sales success to this dominant market, McLaren points out, has real implications for prosperity and jobs. Exports and imports, overseas and to the rUK, combined to reach a deficit in the third quarter of £4.25bn, the highest quarter on record. When the fourth quarter figures are published, the annual total is probably going to be above £15bn. The previous record was as recession struck in 2008, at just under £12bn. And it would mean that the imbalance has ballooned by £6bn since 2013. McLaren has been looking at another angle on this,
The £100m scheme includes a new ground for non-league Boston United, along with shops and 500 homes in the Wyberton area of the town. Wyberton Parish Council held the vote after residents called for it. Of those eligible to vote, only 18.76% - 550 people - took part, of which 86% voted against the scheme. Parish council chairman Richard Austin said: "I wasn't expecting a big turnout, but I'm sure the World Cup game had an effect." He said the date and time had been "set in stone" and the council could not change them. However, he added: "I can only speculate, but perhaps the majority were happy to take the view of the ones that did vote. "We live in a democratic society and this is what happens sometimes." Mr Austin said prior to the vote people had raised concerns over the potential impact of the scheme, including the traffic it would generate. He said the parish council would now consider the results before forming its view on the application to Boston Borough Council. The developer, Chestnut Homes, whose owner David Newton is Boston United chairman, said the project would be good for the town and create jobs. The project, called The Quadrant, includes plans to move the Conference North club from its York Road stadium, where it has been since the late 19th Century, to a new 4,000-seat ground off the A16 at Tytton Lane. Chestnut Homes submitted its planning application in May. If approved, work could begin in 2015.
A study in the International Journal of Obesity found energy used at rest was 25% lower in 15-year-olds compared with when they were 10 - a fall of 500 calories a day. This is equivalent to cutting out an hour's strenuous exercise every day. The study said the findings were unexpected but could help explain why a lot of teenagers put on excess weight. Most of the energy people burn is just to keep their bodies ticking over - using the brain, heart, liver and kidneys - rather than through physical activity. In a decade-long study following 279 children, researchers from the University of Exeter Medical School were surprised to find the number of calories the children burned at rest fell sharply during puberty. This is a period of rapid growth, which usually uses up lots of calories, but it was only around the age of 16 that the number of calories burned at rest started to rise again. During puberty there was also a noticeable drop in physical exercise, particularly among girls, which could add to weight gain, the researchers said. About a third of school children aged 10-11 in England are overweight or obese. Prof Terry Wilkin, from the University of Exeter Medical School, said: "Child obesity and associated diabetes are both among the greatest health challenges of our time. "Our findings can explain why teenagers gain excess weight in puberty, and it could help target strategies accordingly." Prof Simon Capewell, vice-president of the Faculty of Public Health, said the findings showed there was an even greater need to improve children's diets and protect them from junk food and sugary drinks. "Adolescents sitting around using their smartphones and iPads are being bombarded with junk food marketing - while using even fewer calories than we previously thought. "Last month's government strategy on childhood obesity confirmed the duty on sugary drinks, but was otherwise a disastrous missed opportunity. "We need much tougher regulation around the marketing of junk food to children - particularly on TV and online."
Property prices are expected to grow by 5% a year over the next five years, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics). This prediction had edged down in recent months, Rics said. Price rise expectations in London have dropped from an estimate of 9% a year in March to just under 5% now. "What we are really seeing is some of the very strong upward momentum starting to come off the housing market, as a lack of supply, higher prices, more prudent lending measures and some of the talk from the Bank of England are creating a level of caution among sellers and buyers," said Simon Rubinsohn, chief economist at Rics. The Rics survey is one of a number of different surveys that are published about the UK housing market. Earlier this month, the Nationwide Building Society said that there had been signs that activity in the UK housing market was starting to "moderate". However, prices have risen in most parts of the country in recent months, with London showing double-digit annual growth in property prices.
This comes after a public outcry following revelations in November that a neo-Nazi cell had apparently been able to go on a nationwide spree of racially motivated murders over several years, under the noses of the German intelligence services. The group of three are being held responsible for the deaths of eight Turkish and one Greek immigrant between 2000 and 2006, as well as a German policewoman in 2007. Yet the existence of the group, dubbed the Zwickau cell after the name of the town where they spent most of their time in hiding, only came to light in November when two of its members died in an apparent joint suicide or murder-suicide and the third handed herself in to the authorities. The NPD has been linked to the group, though the allegations have yet to be accepted in a court of law. The trio had made a DVD in which they boasted of the killings and said they had acted to serve the German nation and its people, describing themselves as the National Socialist Underground - echoing the national socialism (Nazism) of Hitler's Germany. The story of the killers has dominated headlines in Germany for months now and given rise to one of the biggest scandals in post-war Germany. It turns out intelligence agencies had had the group under surveillance for years, and even found a bomb-making factory in their garage back in 1998. So why were the trio not stopped earlier? Why were they allowed to disappear and then stay underground? And why was it that security services blamed the murders on the Turkish mafia at the time? A right-wing motive was never investigated. The failures have prompted some to ask whether there is more than incompetence to blame, whether Germany's police and security services contain elements sympathetic to the far right - an accusation the institutions vehemently deny. A parliamentary inquiry is currently under way into their activities, and Newsnight has seen a secret internal report revealing serious blunders by law enforcement agencies. When we spoke to Peter Altmaier, a senior official in Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrat party, he admitted that mistakes had been made: "You have to know Germany is a federal state, and competencies are shared and divided between federal and state levels... and because we have drawn the lessons from the Nazi dictatorship, we have very limited powers of police and security institutions.
The South American country qualified for the event by winning the Division Six tournament in Essex last September, when they beat Guernsey in the final. But the International Cricket Council launched an investigation after eligibility issues came to light. They will be replaced by Vanuatu, who finished third in Division Six. The World Cricket League is the ICC's one-day tournament for non Test-playing nations, which offers them the chance of qualifying for the World Cup. "The Surinaamse Cricket Bond (SCB) has now accepted that it failed in its duty to ensure the provision of accurate residency information in respect of a number of players," the ICC said in a statement. Suriname has also been relegated to the World Cricket League's Americas Division One and forfeited a $25,000 grant received for the tournament in Jersey, which takes place from 21 to 28 May. "We were obviously disappointed by the shortcomings in the SCB's procedures that were revealed by our investigation," said Tim Anderson, the ICC's head of global development. "There is inevitably an element of self-certification when it comes to determining compliance with the player eligibility regulations, and for this reason the wider cricketing community needs to be able to place the utmost trust in the accuracy of information submitted by other ICC members. "We are, however, heartened by the action the SCB have taken in confronting the issues raised and look forward to working closely with them to ensure they can resume their participation in ICC competitions in 2017." Nigeria, Tanzania and Oman will compete against Jersey, Guernsey and Vanuatu with the aim of winning promotion to Division Four of the World Cricket league. Have you added the new Top Story alerts in the BBC Sport app? Simply head to the menu in the app - and don't forget you can also add alerts for the Six Nations, cricket scores, your football team and more.
Up to 15,000 riders are taking part in the Velothon Wales race through Cardiff, Newport, Torfaen, Monmouthshire and Caerphilly. There had been criticism of road closures, with claims businesses could lose thousands of pounds in trade. Velothon Wales' event director said the area had been quickly cleared. Andy Taylor said: "We can confirm that a small amount of tacks were discovered at around 9.30am on isolated sections of the route at Belmont Road in Caerleon and 10.02am at High Street/New Road in Caerphilly." Velothon rider Mark Tonkin, who travelled from Cornwall to take part in the race, said he witnessed a cyclist getting a punctured tyre from a tack. "A guy punctured on a downhill piece and he could have taken out 50 riders. They could have been in hospital," he said. Mr Tonkin said he could see why people might what to show they were "upset" about disruption the event caused. "But to throw tacks down, to endanger people's lives, is not the way to do it," he added. Cyclists and charity fundraisers from all over the UK and Europe are taking part in the event, which also includes a professional race. Earlier, race organisers said road closures meant motorists could face disruption but affected routes would be reopened on a rolling basis to ensure minimum disruption. Amateur riders are taking on either a 140km (87-mile) or 50km (31-mile) route, whilst the professionals tackle a 194km (120-mile) route taking in Caerphilly mountain and The Tumble mountain in Abergavenny. On Thursday, Velothon organisers admitted confusion over who had been consulted about the route, after Monmouth MP David Davies accused them of lying. But while some have criticised the planning of the event, others have said it will be good for the area, including Cardiff where it starts and ends. Mari Williams, of pro-cycling group Cardiff Cycling City, said: "It's great to see so much attention on cycling in Cardiff. We want Cardiff to be the best cycling city in the UK every day of the year. "A city that's good for cycling is good for business. Cycling to work boosts productivity, improves staff retention and reduces travel costs."
Media playback is not supported on this device A report suggests Bournemouth, Chelsea and Watford may not fulfil a pledge to meet standards by August 2017. It stressed clubs have been "working hard on delivery" since a 2014 BBC report found that 17 of 20 clubs did not provide enough wheelchair spaces. But campaigners have criticised the failure to meet the standards set out. "The time for excuses is over," said David Isaac, chair of the Equality and Human Rights Commission. "The Premier League promised that disabled access would be improved by the start of next season, so it is disappointing that a number of clubs will fail to meet that deadline. "Clubs need to urgently demonstrate to us what they are doing to ensure they are compliant with the law and how they are making it easier for disabled fans to attend matches. If they don't they will face legal action." The Premier League's report comes after MPs argued last month that top-flight clubs were prioritising finance over improving access and meeting the Accessible Stadia Guidelines. The Culture, Media and Sport select committee report said clubs should face legal action if they fail to meet the basic needs of disabled fans. The Premier League board can impose fines of up to £25,000, while cases of serious breaches would be referred to an independent panel - which could impose heavier fines or even deduct points. Bournemouth have 195 disabled fan spaces but not to the required standard. However, they do not own their Vitality Stadium home and the club says that the stadium's small size makes meeting guidelines difficult. It is planning to move to a bigger ground in the coming years. Chelsea have 128 spaces for disabled fans, against a recommended 214. The club is aiming to move to a new 60,000-seat stadium and says in the meantime it will consult with disabled fans. Watford have spaces for 61 disabled fans, but should provide 153. It will have more wheelchair spaces by August but says it faces architectural challenges and is aiming to make other improvements to boost the matchday experience of disabled fans. Burnley, Middlesbrough and Hull were given extensions to 2018 to meet the guideline standards as they were only promoted last summer. "Premier League clubs have embarked on a substantial programme of work and rapid progress has been made. The improvements undertaken are unprecedented in scope,
The Spice Girls' Wannabe was the UK number one single for seven weeks and in February 1997, topped the US Billboard Hot 100 for four weeks. Two decades on, the group's influence continues to be identifiable in popular culture - and in some unexpected ways. From how TV and newspapers cover music, to the way stars brand themselves, the Spice Girls influenced many of the rules for 21st Century pop stars. Before 1996, manufactured groups were expected to obey management and music label orders. Even though the five were put together by Bob and Chris Herbert, the group soon decided to replace the father-and-son management team with Simon Fuller.  And against record company advice, they also chose their first single. "If they decided they wanted to do something, then that's what was going to happen," says Wannabe's co-writer Richard "Biff" Stannard. Visual artist Liz West, a Guinness Book of Records entrant for the world's largest collection of Spice memorabilia (nearly 5,000 items), agrees. "When it was suggested to people what their first single should be, they had already chosen it," she says. Wannabe's release came the year after the battle for chart dominance between the all-male Britpop groups Blur and Oasis. Timing was ripe for an opinionated girl group, says Paul Gorman, the first writer to interview them for Music Week. "Britpop was a bunch of blokes going through their dads' record collections," he says. Wannabe's nursery-rhyme-style hypnotic chant secured a broad coalition of fans including those hard-to-get pre-teens who the music industry had previously considered as a small market. And in the following years, in the run-up to the millennium, the influence of the Spice Girls on this audience, led to the emergence of other acts aimed at a younger market. As a result, acts such as S Club 7, B*Witched, Aqua, Hanson, Steps and Billie Piper started to top the charts. Kim Glover, the manager of girlband B*Witched, who had four number one singles in the slipstream of Spice success says: "They were very different from what had gone before them. Wannabe jumped out the radio - from the very first bar, you were hooked." The single was a springboard for 80m global album sales, and the now ingrained slogan "Girl Power". Yet not everyone was convinced.  Girl Power, according to Gorman, was "in many respects an empty phrase". "But it did mark a change in
Long before Donald Trump had his eye on the White House, his attention was firmly on the small community of Menie in Aberdeenshire. The American businessman wanted to build the greatest golf course on earth. However, some people who lived in the area became vehemently opposed, and the saga of the Trump International Golf Links began. "I saw that the residents of Menie were getting a lot of bad press at a time when Donald Trump was being celebrated for arriving in the area," reflected Alicia Bruce, a photographer who spent six years capturing the changing landscape of Menie and its people as the course was built on rare sand dunes. Alicia was speaking from the Luvians Ice Cream parlour and cafÃ© in St Andrews, a novel choice to host her photography project. Festival organisers are keen to bring the exhibits out of the gallery and into the community. It was indeed a sense of community that first drew Alicia to the project. She grew up in Aberdeen, and played on the beaches in Menie in her childhood. As Donald Trump told the assembled media of his intentions to transform the area into a haven for golf fans around the world, Alicia wanted to discover the story of the locals who lived there.  She has never photographed the businessman, focussing instead on the residents and the changes to the environment. The pictures of the Menie locals are based on portrait paintings they chose themselves. She said: "I started off by going to visit Michael Forbes and instead of finding the angry peasant, pig, village idiot that Donald Trump called him, I found this hospitable, lovely guy surrounded by friends and family." Mr Forbes became the face of the community who stood up to the billionaire property developer. He was one of the main contributors in Anthony Baxter's award winning documentary You've Been Trumped. Alicia's image of Mr Forbes, which is also on display in the Scottish National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh, is one of the key pictures of her collection. During one of her visits to Menie however, she became the subject of some unwanted attention. "I was threatened by Donald Trump's security," she adds. "It was quite frightening. I was there to visit [Menie Resident] Susan Munro as a friend that day and I had my camera with me. "I just wanted to take a picture of where
The city council has approved plans from the Co-operative Group and Moda Living for the 34-storey Angel Gardens building. It will be built at Shudehill, on a site once home to an 18th Century cotton mill built by Richard Arkwright. Angel Gardens will include more than 450 apartments, resident lounges, a cinema room and a rooftop garden. Developers claim the project will "change the face" of the private rental sector and offer its customers "a lifestyle choice not currently available" in the city. Angel Gardens is the major residential component of the regeneration of Manchester's urban land, owned by The Co-operative Group and Hermes Real Estate, NOMA. David Pringle, a director at The Co-operative Group, said: "Angel Gardens will push the boundaries for purpose-built rental accommodation, in a location dubbed by property consultants JLL as the best residential site in the UK, outside of London."
The Portrush golfer, starting on the back nine on the Californian course, birdied the par-five 17th and hit more two birdies on the front nine. He also bogeyed the par-three seventh and is tied for 30th place, five shots behind American leader Sam Saunders. Padraig Harrington is tied for seventh place on four under alongside Phil Mickelson. Shane Lowry will struggle to make the weekend cut, having shot three over through 16 holes on a fog-delayed first round. Dustin Johnson's bid to overtake Jason Day as world number one continued with a first-round five-under-par 66.
Elgan Varney, aged 32,  is accused of raping Hannah Stubbs, who was a student at Keele University. The 22-year-old committed suicide at her home in Stafford in August 2015. She was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, an inquest ruled last month. After her death, her family said Hannah "could well be here today if things had been dealt with differently." Ch Supt Jon Drake of Staffordshire Police said: "After we received the allegation of rape, specially-trained officers conducted an investigation into the incident. "They did their best to support Hannah while the investigation progressed, but tragically, Hannah took her own life. "Following a review by the Crown Prosecution Service, Elgan Varney of Wye Road, Newcastle, was charged with rape." A statement from Hannah's family said: "Hannah's death has left a sense of loss that is impossible to put into words. "We will remember her as a beautiful daughter who loved life, enjoyed spending time with her friends and family and was passionate about helping others. "She is very much missed. We can and do thank all those who tried to reach out to Hannah, her family and friends and those medical professionals and individual staff at Keele University who tried to make a difference."
But on closer inspection, it turns out the Barcelona striker has not swapped La Liga for the League of Ireland. It is in fact 16-year-old Barry Cotter, who bears an uncanny resemblance to the Brazil World Cup star. While Neymar will line-up in the Champions League, former Avenue United and Ennis Town forward Cotter will play in the under-17 National League after signing for Limerick. But he shares his doppelganger's confidence telling the club website: "I'm looking to score at least one or two goals in each game for the rest of the season."
The Victorian-era vessel became part of nautical folklore after it vanished in the mid-19th Century. Its captain, Sir John Franklin, had been searching for the fabled Northwest Passage. Experts on Thursday confirmed that the wreck, discovered last month, was indeed the celebrated Royal Navy vessel. "It is in astonishing condition,'' said search team member John Geiger, president of the Royal Canadian Geographical Society. "We're over the moon." The ship set sail from England in 1845 under Sir John's command. He was accompanied by a second ship, HMS Terror, captained by Francis Crozier. Alongside Sir John were 128 officers, all of them aiming to find the elusive sea route linking the Atlantic to the Pacific via the Arctic seas off northern Canada. The two vessels were last seen in the summer of that year bypassing whaling boats in Baffin Bay, off the coast of Greenland. But soon afterwards, the ships vanished. Inuit hunters told tales of starving white men who had been seen in the freezing wilderness over the following months and years. Historians speculated that the ships had become trapped in the vast ice floes of the Canadian Arctic. But until Thursday the exact fate of HMS Erebus had not been known. The ship was discovered after the Canadian government ploughed millions of pounds into an extensive search operation. It was found under just 11 metres of water near King William Island, 2,000km (1,200 miles) north-west of Toronto. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper even participated in the search himself, such was his determination to resolve the mystery. HMS Terror has still not been discovered. Canada has been attempting to assert sovereignty over the Northwest Passage in recent years, claiming the area as its own. However the US government and others say it is international territory.
But it's 13 years since he left the television series and since then he's carved a hugely successful career in the theatre. His new stage show is about the reggae legend Bob Marley. But he insists, it is "absolutely not" a jukebox musical, where the songs take precedence over the plot. Kwei-Armah, the writer and director of One Love, The Bob Marley Musical, says it is not "sing-a-long-a-Bob", but "a play with music". He admitted though that it was a "delicate" balancing act trying to keep in enough songs the audience will recognise. So hits including No Woman No Cry, Jamming, Three Little Birds and Redemption Song are among 30 tracks that feature in the show. But One Love is not your usual musical hero, womb to tomb story. Instead it focuses on just three years in Marley's life and career, which Kwei-Armah says are "very significant" in "understanding the hero's journey of the man." Following an assassination attempt in 1976, the singer left his home in Jamaica and went to live in London in self imposed exile. While in England he recorded two of his biggest albums: Exodus and Kaya. Kwei-Armah said he wanted to get inside the mind of the man at that time and "show a side of Bob that we don't often speak about." "Bob being a political songwriter, I wanted to look at what were the years when he was tested. What were the years when he might have doubted himself? And I found these years to be that." Marley died of cancer in 1981 at the age of 36. But interest in him shows no sign of diminishing. It is estimated he has sold more than 50 million albums around the world. Time declared Exodus the best album of the 20th Century in 1999. The same year the BBC named One Love the song of the millennium. His Facebook page has more than 70 million fans - and Marley is in the top 15 most popular pages on the social media site. For many, Bob Marley is an idol - a civil rights activist who spoke up for the poor and oppressed. But he was not a saint. And Kwai-Armah says he does not gloss over Marley's womanising and drug use. He says he portrays him "warts and all". He adds: "I don't need any hero to be an angel." The singer Mitchell Brunings
The suspect, 28, handed himself in at an east London Police station on Friday, the Met said. He arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and was bailed until mid-August. Images of three men still wanted over Tuesday's attack were released by the force. Bottles and other objects were thrown at the coach as it got stuck in traffic en route to the stadium. The disorder left four policemen injured and West Ham said it would ban for life any fan found responsible. Two men, aged 18 and 47, who were arrested for pitch incursion have been bailed to return on a date in late May. A 20-year-old man who was arrested for throwing bottles at police officers has been bailed to return on a date in August.
An explosion was reported at the Cheesecake Factory at about 18:00 local time on Thursday, according to police. Diners were safely evacuated and no one was injured in the reported blast. The man tossed a "homemade pyrotechnic device" containing gunpowder inside the restaurant before fleeing, a police official said. Garrett Gunkle, who was sitting with his wife at the bar, told KNBC-TV there was chaos as customers ran for the exits in the Los Angeles suburb. "People were jumping over one another, fighting to get over bar stools," he said. "It was very chaotic." The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department bomb squad joined Pasadena Police Department at the scene. Police Lt Mark Goodman said the device was not a pipe bomb or a Molotov cocktail, and no shrapnel or projectiles were ejected. Investigators say the suspect was described as Latino or Middle Eastern, about 6ft tall (1.82 metres), with a heavy beard and wearing all-black clothing. No getaway car was seen. A motive for the incident was unclear. "It could be a dissatisfied customer, a disgruntled employee," Lt Goodman added. Federal authorities were alerted to the incident, police told KABC-TV, but local authorities are handling the investigation.
Dubbed "swirl face" due to efforts he made to disguise himself, Neil is classed a "high-risk sex offender". The 42-year-old Canadian was arrested in Thailand in 2007 following a global manhunt and a worldwide appeal for public information by Interpol. He has spent time in jail in both Thailand and Canada for sexually abusing young boys. Corrections officials from the province of British Columbia (BC) issued a public warning following Neil's release on Sunday. BC Corrections spokeswoman Cindy Rose said in a statement that Neil will be "subject to an intensive level of monitoring and supervision in the community". It includes: Neil was arrested 10 years ago when Interpol, the international police agency, appealed for help after experts unscrambled his digitally-swirled internet photos. It was the first time Interpol had made a direct worldwide appeal for public information in a case. Online images of Neil showing him abusing young boys had been manipulated to disguise his face with a swirl pattern, but German computer specialists were able to produce identifiable images. Neil was jailed in Thailand between August 2008 and September 2012 following a conviction for sexual offences against two boys.  He was released and deported to Canada. In December 2015 he pleaded guilty to five new charges involving the sexual abuse of young boys in Cambodia and possession of child pornography in Canada.  His sentenced was reduced due to time already served. Neil, originally from Maple Ridge, BC, had spent about 15 years in Asia teaching English.
25 April 2016 Last updated at 00:09 BST Jackie Stokes, of Burton-upon-Trent, said she spent Â£9,500 on implants in Hungary and endured four years of pain before being told the treatment had been unsuccessful. She said: "It has left me feeling like I have been assaulted, butchered and robbed of my life savings."
Rifleman William Aldridge of Bromyard, Herefordshire, was 18 when he died trying to save comrades in 2009. A plaque commemorating his sacrifice was unveiled in the town's St Peter's Church. It followed a campaign for a permanent memorial by William's mother, Lucy Aldridge. She said she was "absolutely delighted" that her son, killed by a bomb in Helmand province, had received "the recognition he deserved in his home town". The service on Saturday afternoon coincided with William's regiment, The Rifles, being given the freedom of Bromyard. A ceremony took place in Market Square, with a parade of service personnel through the town. Among them were representatives of William's 2nd Battalion, the Hereford company of 6th Battalion The Rifles, the Bromyard platoon of Hereford and Worcester Army Cadet Force, Herefordshire Light Infantry, and the King's Shropshire Light Infantry.
Konta won 7-5 6-2 and will now face the Czech Republic's Karolina Pliskova. The fifth seed beat Russia's Daria Kasatkina 3-6 7-5 7-6 (9-7). Konta, 25, is 11th in the race to Singapore, with only the top eight qualifying for the tournament, which takes place from 23-30 October. Konta could also break into the world's top 10 for the first time if she continues her run at the China Open. Currently ranked 14th, she would join Virginia Wade, Sue Barker and Jo Durie as the only Britons to achieve the feat on the WTA Tour.
Some people have been waiting up to three hours to clear passport controls, with freight traffic building up on roads approaching the Kent port. A Port of Dover spokesman advised customers to allow plenty of time for their journey. France has been under a state of emergency since last November. The country's National Assembly voted to extend the measure by six months in response to last week's attack in Nice in which 84 people were killed and scores injured when a lorry was driven into crowds. The state of emergency was brought in after terror attacks in Paris on 13 November that left 130 people dead. Latest updates on the Port of Dover and other Kent stories A P&O Ferries spokesperson said: "We are doing everything we can to allow passengers to begin their journey as quickly as possible. "If passengers miss their allocated ferry they will be able to board the next available ferry at no additional cost." Disgruntled travellers have taken to Twitter to express their dismay. John Hippisley said "terrible PR for the French Authorities I appreciate the need to protect the border but clearly all tourist not terrorists". The extra security checks have been causing delays since the early hours. DFDS Seaways advised customers on Twitter at 13:00 BST that they should "allow 180 minutes to complete the check-in process... the port is very busy".
Steven Van de Velde, 21, admitted three counts of rape against a child he met after travelling from Amsterdam in August 2014. The girl was raped near Furzton Lake and at an address in Milton Keynes. Van de Velde returned to the Netherlands, but was extradited and arrested in January. He appeared at Aylesbury Crown Court via a video link for sentencing after admitting all three offences last month. The court heard he was aware of the girl's age, having had conversations on various social networking sites. He went to the girl's home when her mother was out and had sex with her, taking her virginity. Sentencing him, Judge Francis Sheridan said: "You were a potential Olympian. You had the possibility of a stellar future representing the Netherlands. "She was a child aged 12. You were fully aware of that fact." Van de Velde - of Cornelis De Wittlaan, Den Haag - travelled from Amsterdam on 2 August 2014, having booked a return ticket with EasyJet that day. Prosecutor Sandra Beck said: "She had got very close to him via Facebook and spoke regularly. He made her feel very special. "He is a member of the national volleyball team and she liked what she saw." Mitigating, Linda Strudwick said: "There is genuine remorse. He has lost a stellar sports career and has been branded a rapist. Plainly it is a career end for him. "
Gavin Rothery almost put the visitors ahead with a powerful close-range strike which was inches over. Managerless Harriers battled gamely and went close when Elton Ngwatala's fine shot struck the post. But from a late corner, Liam Dickinson connected with Jake Lawlor's header and volleyed Guiseley to a victory which left the hosts 14 points from safety.
We are not talking about some Hollywood A-lister or pop-chart diva going on holiday. We are not even referring to Team GB's track and field stars. Britain's equine athletes helped win five medals at London 2012 but a 5,700-mile journey to Rio makes beating that tally a little trickier. Does a horse get jet lag? Travel sickness? Plans for this trip began as early as 2013, with everything from in-flight bacteria to leg room considered. In all, there will be more than 300 horses competing in Rio, with some 200 of them travelling from hubs in Stansted, Liege and Miami. So how hard is it to get a horse to Rio? Imagine walking up to check-in and dropping six tonnes of food on the conveyer belt. The excess fee alone would be big enough to count as carry-on luggage. But these superstar horses do not travel light. Each horse has an individual limit for the flight which includes its own weight plus items such as water buckets, tack bags and rugs. As well as all that food, there's nearly 10 tonnes of equipment and several tonnes of haylage (normal hay with a higher moisture content) for the flight. There will be 34 horses on board when the first flight leaves Stansted on 30 July, with a combined weight of more than 17 tonnes and a combined value running into millions of pounds. An animal weighing 515kg (81st) probably did not get its photos done in a booth at the post office, but at that sort of value, you can rest assured they each have a passport detailing health history and every mark on their body. Passport stamped? Time to board. If you get fed up waiting in line to board, spare a thought for these horses, for whom the process can take between two and four hours. Why so long? Because this is the crucial part. A "nervy" time, according to Yogi Breisner, eventing performance manager for Team GB. Horses are loaded into stalls on the ground and then levered up into the plane. It's not uncommon for them to get spooked and any bumps or scrapes are most likely to happen now. After four years of work, much is on the line. Each stall is designed to accommodate three horses but it's important these Olympians travel in the equine equivalent of business class so Team GB horses fly two
Mr Duterte clarified that he had "nothing against gays", saying several of his relatives were homosexual. The controversial politician had previously appeared supportive of LGBTQ rights, saying in 2015 that same-sex marriage was "good". But he is otherwise known for his conservative views especially on crime. He has waged a much-criticised war on drug users and dealers leading to thousands of extra-judicial killings. His latest remarks were made on Sunday night to Filipino expatriates in the Burmese capital of Nay Pyi Taw while on an official trip to Myanmar. A transcript of the speech was only given to journalists on Monday. In a meandering speech addressing criticism of his now-suspended war on drugs, Mr Duterte accused the West of imposing its values on the Philippines, then referred to a recent Time magazine story on the transgender community in the US. "There is no gender because you can be a he or she... That's their culture. It does not apply to us. We are Catholics and there is the Civil Code, which says that you can only marry a woman for me... a woman to marry a man. "That's our law so why would you accept that gender?" he said. "Wherever God placed you, just remain there. Do not mix it upâ€¦ You erase the great divide between a woman and a man," he added. Before becoming president in June 2016, Mr Duterte was the mayor of Davao city, which introduced anti-discrimination laws for sex, gender and sexual orientation during his administration. In 2015, Mr Duterte appeared on a national talk show where he said same-sex marriage was "good... everyone deserves to be happy". The following year, while campaigning for the presidency, he said he would "consider" legalising same-sex marriage if there was such a proposal. The Philippines has 80 million Catholics and remains a deeply religious society. Mr Duterte has taken issue with the church previously, once calling the Pope a "son of a whore". Despite his many controversial comments he still remains highly popular in the Philippines.
Ahead of the vote, here are seven things you need to know about the West African country - once hailed as a model of stability. The economy has boomed in recent years and Ivory Coast is the world's biggest exporter of cocoa, producing around 40% of the planet's beans used to manufacture chocolate. But this year, it also overtook India as the leading exporter of cashew nuts. Cocoa transformed Ivory Coast into the "Paris of Africa" as it was called in the 1970s and 1980s, until a slump in cocoa prices dampened the "Ivorian miracle". President Alassane Ouattara, who took office in May 2011, wanted to diversify the economy. Agriculture is still the backbone, but it includes bananas, rubber and palm oil too. The last elections in 2010 sparked five months of violence when former President Laurent Gbagbo refused to step down. More than 3,000 people were killed in some of the most brutal violence the country has ever seen. President Ouattara has been accused of one-sided justice after hundreds of Mr Gbagbo's supporters were imprisoned but very few from his side were even arrested - despite the UN and international human rights organisations saying both sides committed atrocities. No more "nids de poules" on the country's major roads. The French call potholes "chicken nests". The government says it has built 1,000km (620 miles) of new roads since it has been in power and rehabilitated another 20,000km throughout Ivory Coast. It is promising to build 1,200km more if re-elected. There were 10, now there are seven. A former finance minister, Mamadou Koulibaly, and former foreign minister, Amara Essy, dropped out saying the elections would not be free and fair. The latest, former prime minister Charles Konan Banny, pulled out on Friday, with the same complaint. That leaves another former prime minister - Pascal Affi N'Guessan, leader of Laurent Gbagbo's former party - as Mr Ouattara's main rival. Mr Ouattara is the eldest at 73, while independent candidate Claire Jacqueline Kouangoua, one of only two women running, is the youngest at 44. Mr Affi N'Guessan, the main opposition candidate, is using the same slogan that France's Francois Hollande did in his last campaign , "Le changement maintenant", meaning "Change now", which is ironic considering how unpopular Mr Hollande is now in France. Mr Ouattara, known to his supporters as "Ado" because of his initials,  has chosen to use "Avec Ado,
Media playback is not supported on this device Yu, 29, took the final three frames, closing with breaks of 66 and 70, for a 6-4 victory and a place in the last 32. World champion Mark Selby held his nerve to see off world number 68 Daniel Wells 6-4 after trailing 4-3. Scotland's three-time champion John Higgins came back from 3-2 down to beat Thailand's Noppon Saengkham 6-4. Welshman Mark Williams eased past England's Andrew Higginson 6-2, while Matthew Stevens beat Michael White 6-4 in an all-Welsh contest. England's Ali Carter beat Robbie Williams 6-2, but fellow Englishman Barry Hawkins went down 6-5 to Ireland's Fergal O'Brien, who made five centuries including three in a row at one stage. Media playback is not supported on this device "It was a battle," Selby told World Snooker. "My focus dipped in and out. It is still the early stages of the tournament, I don't want to peak too soon." Higgins won four of the last five frames to overcome Saengkham, ranked 69 places below him at 73 in the world. "I dodged a bullet there, I'm just delighted to get through," said Higgins. "I really did think I'd be heading up the road when I went 4-3 down. A lot of these boys are not frightened of top players any more. I felt as if the luck had ran out but the luck's still with me just now." Sign up to My Sport to follow snooker news and reports on the BBC app. Media playback is not supported on this device
It comes after an audit committee requested a probe into two of DSME's former chief executive officers over possible mismanagement. The world's second-largest shipbuilder has been trying to raise money to reduce its debts. The firm posted its biggest net loss of 3.19tr won ($2.8bn; Â£1.9bn) last year. DSME and South Korea's two other biggest shipbuilders, Hyundai Heavy Industries and Samsung Heavy Industries, have all been hard hit by the slump in oil prices and global economic slowdown. They have struggled with reduced demand for tankers and container ships and have had to delay projects in offshore drilling and production. They are also facing rising competition from Chinese shipbuilders. According to reports, 150 officials went to DSME headquarters in Seoul and one of its shipyards on the island of Geoje. Computer hard drives, accounting books and documents were seized by officials, who are looking into whether it manipulated its 2013 and 2014 financial statements.
Pain is etched across her face, her body is stiff as she slowly eases herself into a seat. The Belfast woman appears to be in agony and a lot older than her years. "I have come out partially disabled. I went in able bodied and I have come out in crutches. I am mentally wrecked; I don't know what is going to happen down the line," she said. "I don't know what the diagnosis is, I don't know what the prognosis is, but I do know that if the pain keeps continuing on like this I am going to end up in a wheelchair." After a routine smear test, Susan was advised that she had a prolapse. This explained why she leaked urine every day. A vaginal prolapse is a condition in which structures, such as the uterus, rectum, bladder, urethra, small bowel or the vagina, itself may begin to prolapse, or fall out of their normal positions. Susan says she dreaded going out shopping and seeking the nearest public toilet when out and about became routine. "Everyday life was impossible. At times standing became unbearable, running and playing with my daughter impossible," she said According to Susan, while a consultant advised having an implant, she was never informed of the potential problems. "I was never advised, for instance, that it was actual mesh. I wasn't given any leaflets to say of the side effects or anything like that. "I did ask questions, I did ask about the side effects and was there anything I needed to worry about and I was told there wasn't." Susan's problems emerged almost immediately after the procedure. In fact she left hospital in tremendous pain and said during the past 12 months she has been passed round several specialists. She said part of the problem is convincing people that there is something wrong. The 51-year-old said she has been told by specialists not to be frightened of her pain and to try to live and work through it. As a result she is taking various medications that make her physically sick. "The pain changes day to day. It (the mesh) can cut into your groin where it is like barbed wire gripping you. I have had pain right down my legs. My hip often gives way when I am walking," she said Susan said she wants the mesh removed. Sitting close by is 58-year-old
Omran Ben Shaaban was kidnapped, shot and tortured by people who many in Misrata believe were supporters of the late dictator. The 22-year-old died in France, where he was receiving medical treatment for his injuries. His body was flown back to Libya, met by hundreds of mourners. In Misrata, protesters called for the government to avenge his death. Mr Shaaban was kidnapped by armed men in July and held for 50 days in the town of Bani Walid, a former Gaddafi stronghold that lies south-east of the capital Tripoli. He was freed last week following the mediation efforts of Mohamed Magarief, Libya's interim leader and president of the ruling General National Congress (GNC). Mr Shaaban arrived in Misrata with torture marks on his body and a bullet wound near his spinal cord, according to reports. He was taken to Paris for treatment, but died on Monday. Hundreds of people gathered at the airport in Misrata to greet his body. His coffin was carried in a procession to a football stadium where funeral prayers were held. Mr Shaaban came to prominence on 20 October last year when he was pictured at the scene as Col Gaddafi was dragged from a drainage pipe where he was hiding in Sirte. The GNC mourned the "loss of a brave hero" and has said it will take all necessary measures to bring the perpetrators to justice, according to a statement issued on the official Lana news agency.
The men, from 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, were on duty on Tuesday morning in Nahr-e Saraj, Helmand province, when the Afghan opened fire. One is believed to be a Nepalese Gurkha and the other two were UK nationals. Prime Minister David Cameron condemned the "appalling" killings, but said UK and Afghan troops should work together. The Taliban has claimed the Afghan soldier had joined its insurgency. An investigation is under way and next of kin have been informed. Meanwhile, in a separate incident a Royal Marine from 40 Commando was killed in Helmand, the MoD said. Family have been told. He was shot dead on Tuesday while on foot patrol in the Sangin district. The number of British military personnel killed on operations in Afghanistan since 2001 now stands at 318. Mr Cameron said the current strategy of working alongside local security forces should go on. "It is absolutely essential that we don't let this terrible incident change our strategy. It is the right thing to do to build up the Afghan national army," he said. He went on: "We need to make sure that we build up that army because that, in the end, is the way that we are going to be able to bring our troops back home." Similarly, Defence Secretary Liam Fox said: "Training and developing the Afghan National Security Forces is vital to the international mission in Afghanistan and today's events will not undermine the real progress we continue to make. British and Isaf forces are working shoulder to shoulder with Afghans and will continue to do so undeterred." Afghan President Hamid Karzai has apologised to the UK after the incident and a defence ministry spokesman said a soldier from the Afghan National Army (ANA) was being sought. By Jonathan BealeDefence correspondent, BBC News This is not the first time this kind of incident has happened. Last November a member of the Afghan National Police opened fire on British soldiers he was serving alongside. He killed five and seriously injured half a dozen others. But the Ministry of Defence is anxious to highlight how rare these kinds of incidents are. Since 2006, British forces have trained 130,000 Afghan troops. Some 5,000 of the 10,000 British servicemen currently deployed in Afghanistan are working alongside members of the Afghan Security forces day in and day out. The training and mentoring of Afghanistan's army and police
It cost Charles Clarke his job as home secretary when back in 2006 it emerged that more than 1,000 foreign prisoners who should have been deported hadn't been. It's also been the subject of several select committee inquiries. And it continues to vex the Conservative MP for Kettering, Philip Hollobone. Throughout his time as an MP he has raised concerns about the number of foreigners in our prisons and our failure to send them back home to serve their sentences. Now a government minister not only praised him for his campaign, but admitted that he too shares Mr Hollobone's frustration. Mike Penning, minister for policing and criminal justice, told Parliament that while being briefed by officials he was "very surprised... about some of the things that are being done" and found it "mind bogglingly difficult to work out why, in many cases, things do not happen." He was replying to a debate called by Mr Hollobone who had come up with some new figures about the extent of the problem. There are, he told MPs, 10,837 foreign national offenders in our prisons which make up 13% of the prison population. The highest number of offenders (938) come from Poland, followed by Ireland (779) and Jamaica (737). The cost of looking after them, he said was "north of £300m" a year. "Such people need to serve their sentences in secure detention in prisons in their own country," he said. "At a time of severe constraints on public expenditure, that is far too large a bill to ask British taxpayers to pay." Mr Hollobone is particularly angry that many of these countries do not have prisoner transfer agreements with the UK. A compulsory agreement with Jamaica is still awaiting ratification by the Jamaican government, there is "only" a voluntary agreement with Pakistan and India and no agreement with Somalia or Bangladesh or several EU countries including Poland. "Poland, which is top of the list with almost 1,000 of its nationals in our prisons, has a specific derogation from accepting prisoner transfers under that EU agreement until the end of December 2016," said Mr Hollobone. "That is an absolute outrage. Poland should be securing those people in secure detention back in Poland, at the expense of Polish taxpayers." He is also calling for the British government to use "the huge and increasing international aid budget to build suitable prisons in countries that provide
De Luca, 32, has extended his contract with Wasps until the summer, when he will become director of rugby at Uppingham School in Rutland. After starting his professional career at Edinburgh, De Luca featured for Border Reivers, Edinburgh again and Biarritz before joining Wasps in July. Wasps are currently top of the Premiership. Dai Young's side are second in their European Champions Cup pool - one point behind Connacht - ahead of their final pool fixture away to Zebre on Sunday. "It has been an incredibly difficult decision to retire from the game at the end of the season, but one that was made easier after I met Uppingham School headmaster Richard Maloney and he shared with me his vision for the school," De Luca told the Wasps website. Young said: "He is a model professional who has done really well each time he has pulled on the Wasps shirt. He has a great attitude and adds a lot to the squad through his international experience."
What are the figures behind this? The number of police officers in England and Wales has already fallen by about 16,000 since 2010 because of cuts in Home Office funding. Labour's sums are based on assumptions about the amounts all unprotected government departments are likely to have to be cut to meet the targets for cutting the deficit, which were set out in the Budget. The Conservatives are yet to set out plans for the next three years of funding for the Home Office. Labour says it has identified Â£800m of savings that could be made in police forces, which would prevent the loss of 10,000 jobs that it says the Conservatives would have to cut in the next three years. Labour's figures assume that all departments will be cut by the same amount. Of course, when the next government has its spending review, it could decide to make much more severe cuts to some departments than others. Labour says it will save Â£800m by doing things such as scrapping the elections for police and crime commissioners, which are due to take place next year, and making people pay the full cost when they apply for a gun licence. The Conservatives respond that scrapping commissioners and other measures would not save as much as Labour claims and that they have already announced plans to increase the fees for gun licences. The biggest proposed savings come from making it compulsory for police forces to buy things together to increase their negotiating power. The Conservatives say that already happens in a lot of cases but that Labour has overestimated the potential savings. The Tories also point out that, despite the falls in police numbers over the past five years, crime has fallen. The two things may be unrelated and crime has been falling since the late 1990s. So it is difficult to demonstrate either that if the Conservatives were to win the election they would cut 10,000 police staff over the next three years or indeed that Labour's plans would prevent that happening. What this argument does highlight is how tight a timetable the next government will be working to. Departments only have spending plans laid out for a year from now. The previous government did not manage to have a spending review until 20 October 2010. There is frantic contingency planning going on all over the civil service. And we know
The Northern Irishman edged ahead of Welsh rival Chaz Davies on the last of the 22 laps to clinch his third successive win in Australia. Rea's British and Kawasaki team-mate, Englishman Tom Sykes, was third. "It was a little bit like a bicycle race and no-one wanted to put their nose in front," Rea, 30, said. The champion's victory - his 39th in WSB - ended Davies' six-race winning streak from 2016. Rea is one of four riders to clinch back-to-back Superbike titles but is aiming to become the first to win three in a row. He still lies two titles behind Carl Fogarty's record of four championship successes. Toomebridge man Eugene Laverty, who is back in the series after two campaigns in the MotoGP paddock, finished eighth on his Milwaukee Aprilia. There will be a second Superbike race at Phillip Island on Sunday.
They were allegedly subject to sexual abuse and forced to beg on the streets. The owner, Rosa del Carmen Verduzco, and eight employees at the House of the Big Family have been arrested. Correspondents say it is one of Mexico's worst incidents of alleged child abuse at a children's institution in many years. The government said the building was home to 278 boys, 174 girls and six infants under the age of three. Also rescued were 138 adults aged up to 40, the government said. Reports say the residents were forced to live in terrible conditions. "I'm in utter dismay because we weren't expecting the conditions we found at the group home," Michoacan Governor Salvador Jara said. The House of the Big Family has been operating for 40 years and was known locally as Mama Rosa's Home. The authorities began to investigate the home after parents complained that they were denied access to their children. One woman, who grew up at the home herself, gave birth to two children who were registered in the name of Ms Verduzco. When the mother left the home, aged 31, she was not allowed to take her children with her, investigators said. Mr Jara said the raid came after an official complaint was filed by the parents of five children who said they were being held at the home against their will. He said the complaint was filed more than a year ago, but did not specify why the authorities had not acted sooner. Local media had reported on allegations made against the home as far back as 2010. By Will Grant, BBC Mundo, Mexico City Mexicans are waking up to the news with a sense of shock and disbelief - mainly at the sheer scale of the alleged abuse at Casa Mama Rosa. The list of accusations is long and serious: almost 500 children held against their will and sent into the streets to beg, their parents prevented fromt them, sexual and psychological abuse at what is a well-known and often praised children's home. As such, this certainly stands out from other stories of abuse in Mexican institutions and has sparked some uncomfortable questions. How long were the authorities aware of the accusations before they acted? Were corrupt officials involved in keeping those accusations silent? Meanwhile Rosa Verduzco herself is under arrest and facing a range of charges including sexual abuse and mistreatment
Winterbourne View treats people with learning disabilities and autism. Andrew McDonnell, who works with adults with mental disabilities, labelled some of the examples seen on film "torture". All four have been released on police bail. The hospital's owners, Castlebeck, have apologised and suspended 13 employees. Care Services Minister Paul Burstow said government regulator, the Care Quality Commission (CQC), had been asked to conduct an urgent investigation. Avon and Somerset police confirmed that three men - aged 42, 30 and 25 - and a 24-year-old woman were arrested as part of their ongoing investigation into the hospital. During five weeks spent filming undercover, Panorama's reporter captured footage of some of the hospital's most vulnerable patients being repeatedly pinned down, slapped, dragged into showers while fully clothed, taunted and teased. The hospital is a privately owned, purpose-built, 24-bed facility and is taxpayer-funded. NHS South West said it was "appalled" by the issues raised surrounding the care home. In a statement, it said: "We always expect safe, high quality care from providers of services and the abuse of vulnerable patients is totally unacceptable." Mr McDonnell, a clinical psychologist who viewed the footage, told the programme that basic techniques for dealing with patients with challenging behaviour were ignored. He said he was shocked by some of the treatment of vulnerable patients. After seeing footage of an 18-year-old patient named Simone being verbally abused and doused with cold water while fully clothed as a punishment, he said: "This is not a jail... people are not here to be punished. "This is a therapeutic environment. Where's the therapy in any of this? I would argue this is torture." Simone's parents told the programme that she had told them she was being abused at the hospital, but they had assured her that it would not be allowed to happen. "She told us that she had been hit, her hair had been pulled and she'd been kicked - and I said no, this wouldn't happen, they're not allowed," said the patient's mother. Professor Jim Mansell, from the University of Kent and a government adviser on the use of physical restraint for those with developmental disabilities, said that from the footage it appeared that staff were "waiting to pounce on people and restrain them". "This is the worst kind of institutional care. It is the kind of thing that was prevalent at the end of the 60s and that
The host country beat South Africa by just two wickets at the match in Bristol. England will now face either Australia or India at Sunday's final at Lords Cricket Ground in London. Hopes will be high for England, who have only lost one match this competition and topped their table in the group stages.
The roundabout at the bottom of Anderson Drive is a bottleneck. Transport Minister Keith Brown urged local residents and road users to have their say on the proposals. Any work on the Haudagain roundabout would not get under way until 2018 when construction of the Aberdeen bypass is complete. Mr Brown said: "The bottleneck at Haudagain has caused congestion for motorists using the A90 for many years. "This option, which is the original preferred option, will provide the best journey time savings, reducing congestion and the risk of accidents. "It will also provide safe crossing points for pedestrians and cyclists. "We will consider all comments made as we further develop our proposals for Haudagain with a view to publishing draft orders in summer 2015 so that we are ready to start work in spring 2018." The exhibition opened at the Lord Provost Henry E Rae Community Centre at noon, and continues on Friday. Meanwhile, Transport Scotland said three tenders had now been received for the contract to build the Aberdeen bypass.
Mr Comey will have to explain to a House committee why he recommended the likely Democratic presidential nominee should not be prosecuted. Over 100 classified messages were found on her email servers, the FBI said. On Wednesday, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch confirmed that no charges would be brought. Mrs Lynch was accused by Republican Donald Trump, who is likely to do battle with Mrs Clinton for the White House, of being bribed by the former first lady. He said she agreed to let Mrs Clinton off the hook in return for the promise that she would keep her job if the Democrat won the election and became president. The news that the attorney general met former President Bill Clinton, Mrs Clinton's husband, last week on the tarmac of an airport in Arizona prompted accusations by Republicans of a stitch-up. On Tuesday, the FBI said Mrs Clinton and her staff were "extremely careless" in handling classified materials but there was no evidence of intentional wrongdoing. Mr Comey's statement contradicted Mrs Clinton who previously said she had not knowingly sent or received classified material from her private email account. He will testify on Thursday before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, led by Republican Jason Chaffetz. "The FBI's recommendation is surprising and confusing," Mr Chaffetz said. "The fact pattern presented by Director Comey makes clear Secretary Clinton violated the law," he said. "Individuals who intentionally skirt the law must be held accountable." A statement from Mrs Clinton's campaign team called it "yet another taxpayer-funded sham of an inquiry to try to hurt Hillary Clinton politically". It has been a common theme in the presidential campaigns of Mr Trump on the right and Bernie Sanders on the left that establishment insiders live under their own set of rules. While average Americans are left to their fate, big bankers get bailouts, big businesses get handouts, and the elite are insulated from the consequences of their actions. For those with this outlook, the failure to indict Hillary Clinton - or even hold her accountable in a non-criminal manner - is yet another example of the benefits that come along with high positions of power. While Comey insisted that there was little precedent for a prosecution given that Mrs Clinton did not intentionally mishandle classified information or do so in a "grossly negligent" way, such explanations may not fly with the swath of
Joe Lawton, 17, shot himself at his family farm in Greater Manchester two days after his arrest. His parents, Nick and Jane Lawton, are urging the Government to change the law, which says 17 year-olds are not children in custody. The Home Office believes current laws are adequate. Joe was arrested when police stopped him as he drove his new car home from a party last August. He was kept overnight at Cheadle Heath police station in Greater Manchester without his parents' knowledge because he was not classed as a child. Two days later he took his own life, using a shotgun from the family farm. The police charge sheet was at his feet when his father found him. Joe's parents believe they could have given him more support had they been able to see him in a police cell. In a statement on the change.org website, Mr and Mrs Lawton said: "He was just 17 and had made a bad decision to drive home after a party. Two days later Joe took his own life. "We were not called when he was arrested or given the opportunity to give him the support he needed." They added: "The fact that a 17-year-old is treated as an adult whilst in custody is an anomaly of British law.  Once they are charged they are then treated as children. This simply does not make sense." "We believe if the law had been different Joe would still be alive." A Home Office spokesman said: "We believe the laws in place ensure the appropriate level of care for everyone, including 17-year-olds."
A public sale of the items will be held at the venue on Saturday and Sunday. Aberdeen Performing Arts, the organisation that manages the hall, held the last performances there earlier this month. The building is due to be fully closed to the public for 20-months of building work. A new performance studio and new creative learning space will be created. The box office and reception will also be moved and ramped entrance added to the main doors from Union Street, as well as improved access to the balcony.
A letter from Petitions Committee chairman William Powell to the education minister said there was widespread confusion over the policy. The committee is investigating after thousands of complaints from parents. It comes as figures show the number of fines varies between councils. A BBC Wales Freedom of Information request found Cardiff council issued 370 fixed penalty notices between January and May. During the same period, 10 other councils, including Monmouthshire which has not yet introduced fines, did not issue any. In his letter to Huw Lewis, Mr Powell said the committee was concerned many councils were incorrectly advising schools only to authorise term-time holidays in "exceptional" circumstances, with some asking head teachers not to authorise any at all. Speaking on the issue, before the letter, Mr Powell said: "The relationship between parents and schools is absolutely crucial and I think it's potentially very damaging to have this rather aggressive approach being brought in. "We need to have a degree more common sense." The Welsh government has said parents do not have an "automatic right to withdraw pupils from school for a holiday and they must apply for permission in advance". But it does give schools "discretionary power to authorise up to 10 days absence during a school year for family holidays during term time". Two campaign groups have drawn up petitions calling for children to be allowed term-time holidays. The largest petition, with 18,000 signatures, is from a group called Let Children in Wales Have a Family Holiday During Term-Time. The other petition has been drawn up by Pembrokeshire Parents Want a Say. Campaigner Bethany Walpole-Wroe, from Llanybydder, Carmarthenshire, said many families could not afford to go away during school holidays. "The prices more than double usually in July and August, so they either can't afford them or they can't get time off due to various circumstances," she said. But the Welsh government said school attendance should come first. Education Minister Huw Lewis said: "Prolonged absence from school really does damage the attainment prospects of young people and that's why I, and I think most parents, would put learning as a priority." Head teachers' union National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) Cymru said while everything possible should be done to ensure children have the least amount of time out of school, it would not encourage its members to fine parents. Campaigners will find out in the new year if the
Heavy snow affected routes across the country, including the main motorways, after the Met Office issued an amber "be prepared" warning for much of Scotland, Northern Ireland and northern England. Tulloch Bridge in Inverness-shire saw the deepest snow in Scotland with 23cm (9ins) while there was 9cm (3ins) in Aviemore. Further snow is now expected. A missing woman was airlifted to hospital after she was found unconscious in blizzard conditions in the Scottish Borders, while a car skidded on ice and fell off the road into the basement area of a building in Edinburgh. A Royal Navy Search and Rescue helicopter was used to help a sick one-year-old who had become stranded in a house near Langholm because of the snow. The youth was airlifted to hospital in Carlisle by a sea king helicopter after an ambulance became stuck in the snow and an air ambulance from Glasgow was not cleared to fly, reported the Royal Navy. Out of the 122 schools in Dumfries and Galloway, 80 have been closed because of the weather. BBC Scotland's Willie Johnston has reported "dreadful conditions" on the A75 near Carrutherstown. Meanwhile, Highland Council said 18 schools and nurseries in its area are closed because of the weather. About 10 others have been closed to pupils who have to travel by bus, or were opened later. Scottish Borders Council said three of its schools were closed, while eight schools were shut in South Lanarkshire, along with two in South Ayrshire. Flights at Inverness Airport and Kirkwall Airport were disrupted on Thursday morning while the M9 was closed for an hour between junction 5 (Bo'ness) and junction 6 (Falkirk) after a cattle lorry overturned. The Met Office has issued yellow "be aware" warnings for all of Scotland for the remainder of Thursday and Friday. The warnings will remain in place for northern and western regions of the country for Saturday, Sunday and Monday. Showers of sleet, snow and hail are expected to continue through Thursday and Friday morning. Between 1-3cm of further snow could fall on lower levels. More snow and strong winds are forecast for the north and west of Scotland on Saturday and Sunday. BBC weather forecaster Darren Bett said icy conditions were expected to follow the snow on Thursday. He said: "Tonight ice is going to be more of a concern. "We have a band of wetter weather moving down from the
Rosie Batty, 52, from Tyabb, a small town in Victoria, began her work after her son Luke, 11, was stabbed to death. She received the award from Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at a ceremony at Parliament House, Canberra. The award winners are selected from public nominations and announced ahead of Australia Day, on 26 January. The 2015 Young Australian of the Year is 21-year-old West Australian Drisana Levitzke-Gray, a young deaf woman who advocates for other deaf people. Senior Australian of the Year is 61-year-old Jackie French from New South Wales, a children's author and advocate for children with learning difficulties, and the Australian Local Hero is 41-year-old Juliette Wright from Queensland, who established an online platform to get goods and services to vulnerable and marginalised people. This year was the first time in the 55-year history of the awards that women have secured the top honour in all four categories. The recipients were great Australians and great role models, said chairman of the National Australia Day Council, Ben Roberts-Smith. "It is a great moment in the 55-year history of these awards to honour four women. "Rosie, Jackie, Drisana and Juliette remind us of the many ways in which women contribute to our nation; that women are a force for change, a voice for rights, influencers, educators and the heart of our communities," he said. After her son's death, UK-born Ms Batty emerged as an articulate and powerful advocate for the rights of women and children living in violent relationships, giving new force to efforts to prevent family violence across Australia. Family violence activists say Ms Batty's ability to explain to the public why so many women struggle to protect their children from violent partners helped make the issue of family violence a key campaign issue for all political parties in last November's Victoria state election. Greg Anderson, 54, killed Luke Batty in front of shocked onlookers at a cricket oval in Tyabb. The father and son had been playing together during an access visit in February 2014 when Anderson suddenly struck his son with a cricket bat and stabbed him. Anderson was shot by police after threatening them with a knife when they tried to detain him. He died later in hospital. Ms Batty was at the cricket ground when the attack happened. The public killing shocked Australians in a way that many other acts of family violence
Despite always affirming a strong bond with Scotland, she was a divisive political figure. First Minister Alex Salmond said Baroness Thatcher was "truly formidable". Scottish Conservative leader, Ruth Davidson, also paid tribute saying she was "one of the truly great Prime Ministers". Mr Salmond said the former Conservative Party Prime Minister's "policies defined a political generation" for many people in Scotland. "No doubt there will now be a renewed debate about the impact of that legacy", he continued. By Brian TaylorPolitical editor, Scotland She never quite got Scotland.  However, Margaret Thatcher is not alone among Westminster leaders in that regard. For the most part, she was adored by her party in Scotland, just as in England. But, even as they worshipped, quite a few Scottish Tories fretted that her politics would prove particularly divisive north of the border and thus electorally unpopular. Read more on Brian's blog "Today, however, the proper reaction should be respect and condolences to her family." Ms Davidson praised Lady Thatcher's policies, including extending the right for people to buy their council house. Ruth Davidson said: "She defended Britain's sovereignty, helped win the cold war, empowered thousands to own their own home by democratising property ownership and smashed the glass ceiling. "My thoughts are with her family." Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont said: "I came into politics to fight the ideology and values of Margaret Thatcher which I believe damaged our country. But today is not a day to debate that. "Today is a day to offer the deepest condolences to her family, friends and all who loved her. "No-one can deny she made a deep mark on the history of this country." Under Baroness Thatcher's leadership the Conservative government implemented social and economic policies which were unpopular in Scotland, including the Community Charge or poll tax. The introduction of the poll tax, which took place in Scotland in 1989 - 12 months before the rest of the UK, led to widespread protests and a lasting animosity towards the Conservative party in Scotland. Sir Malcolm Rifkind, served as Secretary of State for Scotland in her cabinet, said many of her major achievements also continued to be reflected in public opinion. He told BBC Scotland: "In a sense what made her so magnificent is occasionally what made her a very difficult and controversial character because she had very strong views, she put them forward uncompromisingly. "She
The project to find influential games that deserved to be in the Hall of Fame was begun in February by The Strong - a US museum of play. Tetris, Super Mario Bros, Pac-Man, and World of Warcraft were also chosen to feature in an exhibit of iconic games. Angry Birds and Minecraft were nominated but did not make the final list. The museum invited people to nominate games played on PCs, consoles, hand-held gadgets, phones or in arcades. The winners span three decades of gaming from Pong, first released in 1972, to World of Warcraft which debuted in late 2004. Pong was chosen because it launched the entire games industry, said the museum in a statement, revealing the six entrants in its Hall of Fame. It acknowledged that it was not the first electronic game but was the first to get "wide-scale public attention". Other games were chosen for becoming cultural icons (Tetris), making games a mass-market phenomenon (Pac-Man) and changing the way games were made (Doom). World of Warcraft was chosen, said the museum, because of its longevity and the way it has brought millions of players together into one game world. The winners were whittled down from a long list of 15 that was picked by an internal panel of academics, journalists and game experts recruited by The Strong. Their decisions were based on a game's longevity, influence, geographical reach and iconic status. The museum now plans to feature the winning games, the other nominees and many others in a permanent exhibition. The other nine nominees included Legend of Zelda, Space Invaders, the Oregon Trail and Pokemon. Nominees for the 2016 inductees to the hall of fame are now being accepted. Based in Rochester, New York, The Strong was founded in 1968 by Margaret Woodbury Strong a collector of toys, dolls and other play paraphernalia.
Eighteen men, aged between 19 and 29 and some in prison, are banned from parts of Birmingham and must register phones and vehicles with police. The two-year orders aim to disrupt gang-related violence between the Burger Bar Boys and Johnson Crew. West Midlands Police said it was "a landmark ruling". The orders follow a spate of firearms offences in the city in 2015 and 2016, but the gangs have struck fear across parts of Birmingham for many years. They gained notoriety in 2003 when their violent feud claimed the lives of two girls - Letisha Shakespeare and Charlene Ellis - outside a late-night new year party in the city. Four men were later jailed for life for their murders. The gangs have also been behind countless drive-by shootings, drug dealing, intimidation, robberies and kidnappings. After more recent incidents of gun crime in the city, West Midlands Police and the council sought to secure the injunctions in a civil case heard at Birmingham Crown Court earlier this year. The force secured interim injunctions in 2016 and said at the time it did not want to identify anyone until they were permanent.  The BBC revealed their names after obtaining the county court documents. More than 80 people from the Home Office and police gave evidence between February and June ahead of the orders being granted in July, which the force has revealed for the first time now. Two have already been issued, three men are being sought by police and three properties were visited by officers on Wednesday. The men are forbidden from associating with each other and entering the city centre, Handsworth, Newtown, Winson Green and Lozells. In a copy of an injunction seen by the BBC, gang members are also banned from appearing in music videos that include material linked to the Burger Bar Boys and Johnson Crew. One such music video was shown during the court proceedings. Ten other men will receive the orders in jail where restrictions will be imposed on certain visitors to limit any gang associations, police said. Among those to be given the injunctions in prison are two men believed to have been the "armed response" faction of the Burger Bar Boys. Reial Phillips, 21, from Winson Green was jailed for 27 years last year after seven people were injured in a series of shootings during a feud with members of the Johnson Crew.
Lemmy Milne, Alexander Middleton and Grant Fender admitted facing off with Aberdeen fans before the Dundee United against Aberdeen match on 13 December. Dundee Sheriff Court was told a "ruckus" had broken out at the Snug Bar, and police dogs were deployed. Milne, 17, Middleton, 41, and Fender, 29, will be sentenced later this month. Fiscal depute Alex Piper told the court that a "large group" of Aberdeen fans had arrived at the Snug, where Dundee United supporters were drinking, prior to the match at nearby Tannadice Stadium. She said: "A ruckus happened inside where there was a confrontation that spilled out into the street. "Police arrived almost immediately. There were people lunging at each other, threats of violence and aggressive behaviour on both sides in the street. "Police kept them apart but a number of civilians were trapped. Police dogs had to be brought in to keep the peace." The three men, all of Dundee, pleaded guilty to charges under the Offensive Behaviour at Football and Threatening Communications Act of "engaging in behaviour that is likely or would be likely to incite public disorder by forming part of a disorderly crowd and repeatedly attempting to engage in violence with rival fans". Sheriff George Way deferred sentence until later in the month for background reports.
The Italian announced on Friday that he was willing to agree a takeover with supporters and forgo any profit. The supporters' group said on Tuesday that they believed Cellino would sell them the club for £30m. "We've been informed by the lawyers of Cellino he no longer wishes to sell to Leeds fans," LFU said in a statement. "Our insistence on him confirming his verbal offer of exclusivity in a legally binding agreement has forced transparency on his motives. It is much better that we identify this insincerity now before we spend our shareholders' money. "This exercise has proved our capacity to adapt to any acquisition scenario very quickly. We now know we have the capacity to do both a minority and majority deal, and it has shown that Leeds fans have a desire for fan ownership. "We hope that Massimo will treat the club and fans with respect and honour." Cellino, who is appealing against a second Football League ban, said at the start of the week he would no longer attend matches at Elland Road. The Whites are 17th in the second tier after winning their first home match since 4 March against Cardiff on Tuesday.
400 Football League games later, however, Flynn will lead the Exiles to Crewe Alexandra at the weekend as their manager after the sacking of Graham Westley, albeit with the club teetering on the edge of being relegated back to non-league. But the wilderness of the non-league scene is exactly where the lifelong association between Flynn and Newport begun. Given a reprieve by manager Tim Harris and a chance with the first team after his youth team axing, Flynn also found employment as a postman. Thanks to his form with the Exiles, a nickname earned rather than chosen after years spent out of the city as a reformed club without a home, Flynn impressed as a midfielder with an eye for goal. In the non-league pyramid at least, this postman did always deliver. A switch to full time football was the dream, achieved with a transfer to Barry Town, a move that changed the course of Flynn's life. There was to be no future in shelf stacking or letter delivering for Flynn after joining the full time Welsh Premier League side, as he went on to make over 400 Football League appearances for the likes of Gillingham, Wigan and Bradford City. He returned to his first club and first love Newport County five years ago, helping to steer them to a promotion 25 years in the making. Flynn was 'heartbroken' when the club released him as Terry Butcher axed 11 players, after Newport's millionaire chairman Les Scadding opted to walk away from the club. He soon returned when the Supporters' Trust succeeded Scadding, working in various roles including as a club ambassador, in marketing, and as a first team coach. He even found time to get in a few games for Welsh League third-tier side Undy, so it was no surprise this season when Flynn came out of retirement to help the beleaguered Exiles. Flynn's career at County, and in football, was almost over before it started. "I got kicked out of the youth team. The youth team manager Glyn Jones asked me what I had done at the weekend and I said I had played for Pill. He said 'I know, I saw in the local paper you scored a hat-trick.' So he kicked me out for breaking his rules," he recalls. "I went away crying, it killed me. But the next day Tim Harris rang me and said 'come
He was back at the ground for the first time in nearly four years; it was 1,406 days since he was last here for a Champions League game when he wore the famous red, white and black of Manchester United. This time he was in the unfamiliar green kit of Real Madrid for a last-16 tie against United with the score delicately poised at 1-1 after the first leg in Spain. This was to become a bittersweet homecoming for the 28-year-old Portuguese. Ronaldo stayed on the field warming up with his pristine red boots for 16 minutes. His task: to keep his emotions under control and focus on the job of firing nine-time winners Madrid into the Champions League quarter finals. It was all about concentration. Ronaldo never once looked up at the vast Sir Alex Ferguson stand over his left shoulder as he practised shooting from 20 yards just to the left of centre - and finding the net every time. Warm-ups done and it was time for team embraces. High-fives all round. Madrid's players were as one and after a few stretching routines to finish, it was time to head back for the Special One's final instructions - the final team talk from Real Madrid manager Jose Mourinho. Ronaldo emerged again at 19:41 GMT. This time the atmosphere was hot, red hot.  And at 19:44 there was a special moment as the PA announcer ran through the team line-ups. "And it's a special welcome back to number seven Cristiano Ronaldo," he boomed. Ronaldo waved, thumped his chest, waved again. His head bowed for a respectful moment before putting his hand back on to his chest. Just for a moment, those emotions must have threatened to run away from him. And the Manchester United support welcomed him back with a standing ovation which lasted until after referee Cuneyt Cakir started the match. United had the better of the first half and largely managed to shackle Ronaldo. When Sergio Ramos steered the ball into his own net to give the home side a 1-0 lead on the night, Old Trafford erupted and Ronaldo's head went down. He looked momentarily forlorn. And then the match changed irreversibly. Nani was shown a contentious red card for a high challenge on Real defender Alvaro Arbeloa. Furious United manager Sir Alex Ferguson turned cheerleader from the touchline while Ronaldo - knowing the Red
Lee Galloway-Forbes, 45, from the city, was struck by a black Audi A6 car on North Esplanade West on Monday 7 September at about 18:00. Police Scotland, renewing an appeal for witnesses, said he died in hospital on Saturday. The occupants of the car, a 45-year-old man and a 45-year-old female passenger, were uninjured.
Norway went ahead midway through the first half when the Hegerberg sisters combined to make the breakthrough. Andrine Hegerberg sent a free-kick into the box for sibling Ada to head past Siobhan Chamberlain from close range. England are next in action on Tuesday when they face Sweden, the Olympic silver medallists from Rio, in Murcia. Their best chances against Norway fell to Fara Williams and Lucy Bronze, who saw efforts from the edge of the box go over the crossbar. Steph Houghton's shot from a corner was cleared off the line, while Ellen White had a penalty appeal turned down after she appeared to receive a shove in the penalty area. Norway continued to push for a second goal but Chamberlain made a string of impressive saves to deny the opposition. With the Women's Super League clubs returning from their close season break only two weeks ago, the majority of the England players are still some way from peak fitness. Even so, with the European Championship seven months away, a defeat by quality opposition such as Norway will be a disappointment to England manager Mark Sampson. The match was England's first since November and they appeared to lose some of the free-flowing football they were displaying in the back end of 2016. Having failed to create a single clear-cut chance in the first half, the introduction of Millie Bright and White looked welcome in the 68th minute. The team came to life in the closing moments, when they won a string of corners which they followed up with on-target efforts but failed to find the equaliser. Sampson played a 3-4-3 formation and despite the defeat, England looked mostly solid across the park but lacked the creativity to find an equaliser for large part of the game. Media playback is not supported on this device After topping their Euro 2017 qualifying group, England came into the match on a 10-game unbeaten run and showed a gritty determination to get back into the match. Chamberlain, deputising for the injured Karen Bardsley, made a string of impressive saves to prevent England from going further behind. Jade Moore once again showed her battling qualities and her ability to control play in the middle of the field, while on the left wing Demi Stokes displayed pace and power. For some players, this training camp could be one of their last chances to impress before the
The change is effective in both divisions and aims to encourage better pitches for four-day cricket. "It is a bit of a rubbish rule," Raine told BBC Radio Leicester. "Hopefully it doesn't last too long. I'm not sure why the rule has been brought in. "It's against the spirit of cricket and against the rules of the game." The rule change means that Foxes skipper Mark Cosgrove will have the chance to decide if his side will bowl first in their opening County Championship match of the season against Glamorgan in Cardiff on 17 April. England's limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan has said the move may benefit the game long-term, allowing younger players to develop different skills on better quality pitches. Raine argues that the toss had little bearing on any of Leicestershire's County Championship results last season. "I don't think there were too many pitches last year where the toss did really affect the outcomes," he added. "The two games we did win, we did bowl first but there are plenty of times where we bowled first and lost."
30 March 2017 Last updated at 22:18 BST But amateur artist Emanuel Santos, who works at Madeira airport where the bust was unveiled, says he feels hurt by the criticism his work has received.
The 38-year-old former Manchester United and West Ham player joins the Blues after a spell with Notts County. Carroll, who has won 42 international caps, will link up with former Northern Ireland team-mate and current Linfield boss David Healy. "He's obviously a player I know very well and he will bring with him considerable experience," said Healy. Carroll made his Northern Ireland debut against Thailand in 1997 and is expected to be in the squad for the Euro 2016 finals in France. Linfield finished second in the league last season and were beaten in the Irish Cup final by Glenavon. "His experience will be of enormous benefit to the goalkeepers and indeed our entire squad," added Healy. "I'm looking forward to working with him once his international commitments are concluded in the coming weeks."
Referee Rajindraparsad Seechurn gave Equatorial Guinea a controversial penalty in stoppage time as they beat Tunisia 2-1 in the quarter-finals. Tunisia staff confronted the official after the match and their federation has been fined $50,000 (£33,000). "The referees committee noted the poor performance of the referee," the Confederation of African Football said. Caf added that the referee's failings included an "unacceptable failure to maintain calm and ensure proper control of the players during the match". Caf also wants an apology from Tunisia for accusations of bias. And Tunisia have been ordered to pay for damages to a door and a refrigerator in the team's dressing room at Bata Stadium. Mauritian referee Seechurn awarded the penalty in stoppage time after Ali Maaloul was harshly ruled to have fouled Ivan Bolado when Tunisia were leading 1-0 and, after equalising from the spot through Javier Balboa, hosts Equatorial Guinea went on to win in extra-time. Seechurn has also been removed from Caf's list of elite referees. According to Caf, it was sent two letters by the Tunisian FA following the match, with the second asking for an investigation and suggesting that Caf and its officials "were questionable and biased against Tunisia in general". Unless Tunisia's football federation can provide "irrefutable evidence to substantiate the accusations" they need to send a letter of apology by midnight on 5 February or face expulsion from the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. Tunisia football chief Wadie Jary resigned from Caf in protest after the match and he was also "condemned" for his behaviour after going on to the pitch to confront Seechurn, as well as criticising the referee and African football's governing body. Equatorial Guinea were fined $5,000 (£3,300) for poor security at the stadium.
A trailer featuring the number 13 in different locations was aired during the tennis on BBC One on Friday. It finished with the caption: "Meet the 13th Doctor after the Wimbledon men's final, Sunday 16th July." The actor will succeed Peter Capaldi who took the role in 2013 and will leave in the 2017 Christmas special. Capaldi made the announcement during an interview with BBC Radio 2 presenter Jo Whiley in January. The Glasgow-born star said: "I feel it's time to move on. I feel sad, I love Doctor Who, it is a fantastic programme to work on." The locations in the trailer included 10 Downing Street, Beachy Head cliffs and the Statue of Liberty. The popular sci-fi series features a Time Lord, known only as The Doctor, who travels through time and space in the Tardis, which resembles a 1960s police telephone box. The main character has the ability to regenerate, a quirk that has allowed a number of actors to have played the role over the years. Capaldi, who replaced Matt Smith as The Doctor, was previously best known for his role as foul-mouthed spin-doctor Malcolm Tucker in the BBC series The Thick of It.
The amount that landlords will be able to claim will be set at the basic rate of tax, which is currently 20%. The move is aimed at creating a "level playing field" between homeowners and investors, chancellor George Osborne said. The change will be introduced over four years from April 2017. Currently property investors can claim tax relief on their monthly interest repayments at the top level of tax they pay, meaning the wealthiest can claim as much as 45%. Mr Osborne said the current system gave buy-to-let landlords "a huge advantage in the market", compared with home buyers. "The better-off the landlord, the more tax relief they get," he said. Buy-to-let properties now account for over 15% of new mortgages, something the Bank of England warned last week could pose a risk to the UK's financial stability. Separately, Mr Osborne said tax relief for people who rent out a room in their home would be increased from its current level of Â£4,250 - where it has been frozen for 18 years - to Â£7,500 from next year. Nicholas Leeming, chairman of national estate agents Jackson-Stops & Staff, said the changes to tax relief would hit many small and older private investors. "This is a major blow to a sector that is heavily reliant on private investors and who provide a crucial supply of property to the private rental sector," he added. He also warned the move could hit the supply of rental properties making it harder for people who wanted the flexibility of being able to rent rather than buy. Graham Davidson, the managing director of Sequre Property Investment, a firm which specialises solely in buy-to-let investments, said about half of its customers were cash buyers, meaning they would not be affected by the move. But he said those that were affected were likely to increase their rental fee to compensate for the higher tax bill. "The single biggest impact will be to tenants rather than landlords," he warned. But the director general of the Council of Mortgage Lenders, Paul Smee, said the fact that the change was being introduced slowly would soften the blow. "The phasing is important. We will need to understand whether this will have a behavioural impact on higher-rate buy-to-let landlords, but a four-year timetable does at least reduce the risk of sudden market shocks," he said. Shares in house building firms fell, with Barratt
Ovarian Cancer Action said the Scottish Medicines Consortium's decision on olaparib was "ground-breaking". The SMC approved the drug after hearing that patients tended to be younger women with family and work commitments. Cancer Research UK said trials have shown that olaparib can extend lives by an average of seven months. Olaparib is already approved for use in England for people who are suffering with cancer for a third time. In Scotland, it will be used by women who have relapsed with cancer for a second time. Katherine Taylor, chief executive of research charity Ovarian Cancer Action, said: "The SMC's decision to approve the routine use of olaparib is ground-breaking; a huge leap towards more personalised treatment for women facing ovarian cancer because of a genetic mutation." The drug targets ovarian cancer in women with a BRCA 1 or BRCA 2 gene mutation. Last year Angelina Jolie had her ovaries and fallopian tubes removed after she was found to be at an increased risk of ovarian cancer due to a "faulty" BRCA 1 gene. Ms Taylor warned that women in Scotland would only qualify for olaparib if their BRCA status is known. She said: "NHS Scotland must continue to make sure that all patients are offered a BRCA test at diagnosis so they can be treated with the best drugs available." Gregor McNie, of Cancer Research UK in Scotland, said the charity was also funding clinical trials to asses the potential for olaparib in the treatment of brain tumours and pancreatic cancer. He added: "Cancer Research UK scientists played a pivotal role in discovering and developing olaparib and it is great news that the drug will now offer new hope to some women in Scotland with advanced disease. "We look forward to further good news on olaparib in the future, with clinical trials showing it also has potential in other types of cancer." Olaparib was approved by the SMC after being considered by its Patient Clinician Engagement (PACE) process which is used for medicines that treat end of life and very rare conditions. Prof Jonathan Fox, chairman of the SMC, said: "As the first maintenance treatment for ovarian cancer, olaparib is an important development, and we know from the evidence given by patients and clinicians through our PACE process that it will be welcomed."
The Foreign Office sought to identify countries that could pose "similar risks" as Afghanistan, a senior former diplomat told the Iraq Inquiry. Stephen Pattison said the phrase was dropped after it emerged it had been taken from a magazine article. Mr Pattison told the inquiry the process led to Iraq moving up the political agenda after 9/11. Mr Pattison, who oversaw the Foreign Office's dealings with the United Nations in the run-up to the 2003 invasion said: "After 9/11, there was obviously considerable concern about areas of the world which might pose a threat. "There was a phrase that was current at that time which was 'draining the swamp'. "It was the title of a paper put up by our planning department about how we could address areas of the world which post 9/11 might fit into the same pattern - areas like Afghanistan - which frankly we had not paid enough attention to before 9/11 and which had resulted in an attack on the US. "The 'draining the swamp' line was a bit about: 'let's look around and see where there might be other places that could pose similar risks'." Although the phrase "encapsulated" the post 9/11 security approach, he said it was soon dropped "partly because I think it actually came from a published magazine article". Panel member Sir Roderic Lyne, a former Ambassador to Russia, asked him whether the phrase "didn't originally come from Chairman Mao". He replied: "I think it originally did but then I think it was taken up by the Economist in the context of the post 9/11 stance. The thought behind it, I think, was the thought which drove the then British government into focusing very hard on Iraq." The phrase "draining the swamp" is commonly attributed to Chairman Mao - but Dr Yiyi Lu, a Chinese expert at Chatham House, said she did not immediately recognise the phrase and that its meaning seemed "too vague". Asked about the decision to go to war, Mr Pattison said the UK was driven by rather "idealistic" motives rather than direct concerns about its own security or a decision to alter the balance of power in the region. "I think Tony Blair's view was always that - the idealists' view that we were doing this to make the world a safer place. We were not doing this because there was a direct threat to the UK;
A former Rhodes Scholar who once wanted to be a monk, the 57-year-old attracted early criticism for gaffes and was famously called a misogynist by former Labor Prime Minister Julia Gillard. A series of public blunders, questionable calls and U-turns on key policies have since resulted in a decline in his popularity. In February 2015 he survived a challenge from MPs within his own party that had threatened to remove him from the top job less than 18 months in. But in September he was challenged once again by former communications minister Malcolm Turnbull - and ousted in a hastily-arranged vote. Tony Abbott was born in 1957 in England to Australian parents who returned to Sydney a few years later. After graduating in economics and law from the University of Sydney, where he was also a leading student boxer, he attended Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar, studying politics and philosophy. He briefly trained as a Catholic priest, before working as a journalist for the Australian newspaper. He then worked as an adviser to the Liberal Party, before entering politics in 1994 when he was elected to represent the affluent Warringah district of Sydney. Under former Prime Minister John Howard, he served as an employment minister between 1998 and 2001 and as minister for health and ageing in 2003. In 2009, he narrowly beat incumbent Malcolm Turnbull in a party leadership vote, winning 42 votes to Mr Turnbull's 41. Many pundits were shocked by the result, given Mr Abbott's gaffe-prone history. As leader of the opposition, Mr Abbott's aggressive approach earned him several nicknames. His tactics led some to call him "Tear-down Tony" or "Mad Monk" - a reference to his time spent training as a priest. He has also consistently voted against relaxing laws on abortion, same-sex marriages and stem cell research. His stance on social issues, and his poor polling among women, has led some to say that Mr Abbott has a "women problem". In October 2012, Ms Gillard's blistering speech in parliament accusing him of misogyny went viral online. He took on Labor's Kevin Rudd - who ousted Ms Gillard as Labor leader - in the September 2013 polls and secured a convincing win. Ahead of the election, Mr Abbott had argued for tough border controls, lower taxes and a smaller government. He supported Labor's policy of processing asylum seekers offshore, and went further - calling for asylum
Robert Dick was born in Tullibody, in 1811 and was apprenticed to a local baker after leaving school, aged 13. But he began to study in his spare time, eventually becoming a world-renowned expert on the botany and geology of Caithness. His achievements are being marked by the Tullibody History Group. The group said the event would look at the legacy of a "remarkable, entirely self-taught man". Despite a relatively humble upbringing - the son of an excise officer - his achievements were noted by some of the most prominent scientists of the day. Sir Roderick Murchison of the British Association of Scientists was said to have remarked about him: "I found to my humiliation that this baker knew more of botanical  science - aye - 10 times more than I did." And the well-known naturalist Hugh Miller, who received many fossils from Dick, wrote that "he has robbed himself to do me service". In 1863, Dick had to sell part of his geological collection, which is now in the National Museums Scotland. He continued his research, but in August 1866 he collapsed while gathering specimens in a quarry. He never recovered fully and died four months later. The only memorial to him is in Thurso Cemetery, the Tullibody History Group said. Members of the group hope to erect a new memorial to the man to mark the bicentenary of his birth this year, as well as publishing a book about his life. An event on 27 August at the Tullibody Heritage centre would give a "fascinating insight into an unusual man", the group added.
RWE Npower is planning to bring down the remains of the boiler house at the Didcot A plant which partly collapsed in February, killing four men. Three bodies are yet to be recovered. The energy company said using remote-operated vehicles (ROVs) was preferable "since it limits the risk to life". It called the conditions caused by the collapse "unprecedented at this scale in the UK". A spokesman said the "traditional demolition method, which would require people to go underneath the structure to place demolition charges to bring down the building" would risk lives "because the building cannot be proven to be stable". "The ROV option is the preferred route, with the traditional method being prepared as a back-up, should the robotic option not prove reliable." Plans are being finalised and are due to be submitted to the Health and Safety Executive. The spokesman added: "We understand that the time taken to recover the families' loved ones is deeply upsetting... our priority remains the recovery of the missing men and we are doing everything that is within our power to ensure it is progressed as fast and safely as possible." Work to recover the men's bodies had been halted because contractors have reached a 50m (164 ft) exclusion zone. In Oxfordshire County Council cabinet papers published earlier the cost to Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service of attending the incident and subsequent search and recovery operations stands at Â£300,000. The length of time to recover Christopher Huxtable, 34, from Swansea, Ken Cresswell, 57, and John Shaw, 61, both from Rotherham, has previously been criticised by some family members. John Howley, the uncle of Mr Cresswell, described it as "diabolical". Labour MP for Rotherham Sarah Champion also branded it a "national scandal".
A tumultuous year in senior management, continuing into the start of this year, required revisions to the accounts. Several directors left and the chief executive, who is scheduled to leave, is no longer receiving a bonus. The accounts do not give detail of what went wrong, though the boardroom rows were well publicised in the media. However, the report to Companies House indicates the company has lost out from the drop in energy prices, buying its fuel in advance of the sharp drop in oil market. In a statement with the accounts, the directors stated: "The group has faced significant operating and cost pressures. "We anticipate that these cost pressures will remain in 2015 and we will remain proactive in seeking to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures". Lothian Buses revenue in 2014 was up by 2.3% to Â£135m. Pre-tax profits fell from Â£11.7m to Â£10.1m. The company is owned mainly by City of Edinburgh Council, with small stakes held by neighbouring Lothian councils. It owns more than 650 buses, and carries more than two million passengers each week. The numbers transported were up in 2014 by 2.6% to a total of 118 million.
The 31-year-old striker spent the second half of last season at Fir Park and helped Well avoid relegation. "It is quite easy for me to make that choice, but I have got other options further afield - abroad," he said. "I did state I want to get back down to England again - I do feel there's some unfinished business there." McDonald revealed there had been talks with clubs in England as well as Motherwell but suggested it was "early days" as many managers and chief executives had only just returned from summer holidays. "Obviously it's nice to have a few offers, because we know that in football at the moment it's difficult times for a lot of players," he told BBC Scotland. "It will be decided with me and the family. My wife's pregnant again, a big bearing on everything, so it's taking a bit more time than usual to get it over the line on what we want next." McDonald, who won 26 caps for Australia, spent three years with Motherwell and had a similar spell at Celtic before time in England with Middlesbrough and Millwall. He returned to Fir Park after being released by the Lions and scored five times in 13 appearances before Motherwell beat Rangers in the play-off final. "Motherwell have been very good to me over the time I was there - this time and the time before," said McDonald, who added that the club had a strong place in his heart. "We've always loved living in Scotland, me and my family, and I still have my house up there as well." John Sutton has left Well for St Johnstone and Lee Erwin has joined Leeds United this summer, with manager Ian Baraclough already recruiting David Clarkson after his exit from Dundee and fellow striker Wes Fletcher after his release by York City. McDonald was full of praise for the man who took over from Stuart McCall midway through the season. "It was obviously difficult circumstances, but thankfully we got through it in the end and it was a fantastic ending to what was probably a disappointing season all round for the club," he said. "I fully believe that, with the manager in place, and the assistant that's there now, the club's in great hands and I think it's on the up again."
Tevez, 31, started his career at Boca before leaving in 2004 and returns to Argentina after nine years in Europe. Former Manchester United, Manchester City and West Ham forward Tevez struck 20 Serie A goals last season and had been linked with Liverpool, Atletico Madrid and Paris St-Germain. Juventus had already replaced Tevez with Mario Mandzukic from Atletico. Boca Juniors confirmed the transfer while Tevez was on the bench for the Copa America quarter-final against Colombia. Shortly after the announcement was made, Tevez came on to score the winning penalty in a shootout to send Argentina into the last four. Boca president Daniel Angelici said: "It is a day of joy and great satisfaction. The return of Carlos Tevez in an extraordinary moment of his career is fantastic news for all partners and supporters of Boca and Argentine football. The presence of Carlos will give another leap in quality to the great squad we have." Tevez, who has won three league titles in England and two in Italy, scored 38 goals in 110 games during his first spell at Boca, where he won the league in 2003 and was voted South American Player of the Year for three straight seasons. He left for Brazilian side Corinthians before the 2005 season, and moved to West Ham the following year. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The hospital said additional beds had been opened to relieve the pressure on the A&E department. A spokesperson for Belfast Trust said the situation was brought under control just before midnight on Wednesday. The RVH said anyone attending A&E could still expect to wait longer than normal. Earlier on Wednesday evening, ambulances were diverted to the Ulster Hospital in Dundonald for several hours, but they are now returning to the RVH. The hospital said some patients may still be transferred to other sites. A spokesperson for the Belfast Trust said "everything that could be done, had being done". She described it as a "very unusual situation".
Travis was convicted in September of indecently assaulting a woman and given a three month sentence suspended for two years. A hearing at Southwark Crown Court heard that he had racked up a taxi fare bill of £4,456 during his trials. He was awarded travel costs, limited to the value of a day return train ticket and £50 for a taxi, and hotel costs. Stephen Vullo QC, representing Travis, made the defendant's costs application and said his client had been "financially devastated" by trials in February and September last year. "He has no money left whatsoever," he said. "He is now below zero." Mr Vullo also claimed £630 in hotel accommodation, and £246 for travel to legal conferences, and asked for a total of £5,332 towards Travis's costs. Judge Leonard ruled that Travis could claim the costs of a daily return train ticket from Aylesbury to Marylebone, which the judge said cost £61.40, as well as £50 a day for reasonable taxi costs from the station. He allowed the hotel costs. Referring to Travis's back problems, Judge Leonard said: "His infirmity was such that the benefit from the train, to get up from his seat rather than remain in it, is something that could only have been achieved on a train, not a car." The defence estimated that Travis travelled from his home in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, to court on 37 days, which means he could be entitled to £4,121.80. The number of days will be confirmed with the court at a later stage. Prosecutor Joshua Munro argued the costs were not "reasonable" expenses for the taxpayer to fund. Travis was cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault after a trial in February 2014. The jury was unable to decide on verdicts on an additional count of indecent assault and one count of sexual assault and a retrial was ordered. The Crown Prosecution Service added one more count of indecent assault, the offence of which he was eventually convicted, on the indictment for the September 2014 trial. Travis was cleared of the indecent assault on which he was retried, and after a second jury was unable to reach a verdict on the sexual assault charge, Judge Anthony Leonard QC, directed a not guilty verdict.
The Dartmouth College team discovered the insects' communication system and studied females' reactions to the males' songs. They say the call is likely to have evolved from males impersonating hunting bats and startling females. Females' shuddering response appears to allow males to locate a mate. Close examination of females' nervous systems suggested that this shudder evolved from a startle reflex, the researchers say. The findings are published in the journal Current Biology. Lead researcher Prof Hannah ter Hofstede investigated this unusual insect duet after a colleague presented some recordings of the insects' particularly high frequency chirps. "It struck me as very strange that these crickets would use such high frequencies for mating purposes," the scientists said. Other cricket species avoid sounds at these frequencies, which are similar to the sounds that bats make when navigating and hunting. Prof ter Hofstede used playback experiments - playing males' songs through speakers - to test females' reaction to the high, bat-like chirps. "I expected the females to walk to the speaker, because this is the usual behaviour for female crickets, but they did not do this - [they instead] made a small jerking motion after each male call," she explained. "From many observations of males and females together, I noticed that it was always the male walking to the female when she produced these vibrational signals." Further study revealed that the male calls also triggered activity in a nerve cell known to be responsible for triggering escape behaviour in crickets. This, along with careful tracking of the cricket evolutionary tree, led Prof ter Hofstede and her colleagues to conclude that what is now a mating song and dance routine originated from a reflex startled "jump". This, the scientists say, is an example of "how communication systems can change over evolutionary time. "And that even something as unlikely as a reflex response to a predator can be the origin for a new communication signal."
Media playback is not supported on this device Former captain Aaron Hughes won his 100th cap as a 30th-minute substitute for defender Craig Cathcart who hobbled off injured after being fouled. Cathcart was one of several players on the receiving end of tough tackles. Visiting keeper Michael McGovern made some fine saves while Kyle Lafferty had a penalty claim turned down. Lafferty felt his shot had been blocked by Peter Pekarik's arm, but referee Marian Radu Petrescu did not see it as a spot-kick. Robert Mak came the closest to scoring for the hosts only to be denied by Hamilton stopper McGovern who was quickly off his line, while Martin Skrtel almost scored a late own goal following a Paddy McNair cross. The Liverpool defender diverted McNair's driven cross towards his own goal, and keeper Matus Kozacik was forced into a save. Northern Ireland open their Euro campaign on 12 June against Poland in Nice, the day after Slovakia meet Wales in Bordeaux. One of Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill's chief concerns was to see his players come through unscathed with the opening Euro 2016 game against Poland just eight days away. Worryingly for him, several key men were on the receiving end of some hefty challenges. Media playback is not supported on this device Gareth McAuley and Jonny Evans picked up minor knocks before the other man in the back three, Watford defender Cathcart, had to limp off after being fouled. That led to 36-year-old Hughes coming on to win his 100th cap as a 30th-minute substitute. It had been expected the former Newcastle and Aston Villa man would come one at some point for his landmark appearance, but O'Neill was forced to make the change earlier than planned. As well as Cathcart, O'Neill will await a fitness update on striker Lafferty who came off in the second half with a leg injury. Manager O'Neill deployed his favoured 3-5-2 formation, setting the team up in the way he will want them to play against Poland. Paddy McNair caught the eye again in a wide role on the right while Millwall's Shane Ferguson came into the team to stake his claim for a starting role in Nice. They appear to be competing with Conor McLaughlin and the absent Stuart Dallas for selection. Any lingering doubts on who will be NI's first-choice keeper will have been ended by another solid display
Mr Greste was freed from prison and deported on Sunday after 400 days behind bars. He is now in Cyprus, en route to Australia. Mr Greste, Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed were arrested in 2013 on charges of spreading false news and aiding the Muslim Brotherhood. Mr Fahmy and Mr Mohamed remain jailed. In an interview with al-Jazeera, Mr Greste described his release as "a massive step forward" for the Egyptian authorities. "I just hope that Egypt keeps going down that path with the others," the Australian journalist added. Mr Fahmy, who holds dual Egyptian and Canadian citizenship, could be freed if he renounces his Egyptian nationality, presidential sources say. Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird said on Monday that Mr Fahmy's release was "imminent", without elaborating. But there are still concerns about Mr Mohamed, an Egyptian who holds no dual nationality. Speaking on Monday, Mr Greste said he "wasn't expecting" his release on Sunday and had been released with what felt like "just a few minutes' notice". He described a "real mix of emotions" after learning he would be freed, with both a "sense of relief and excitement but also real stress in having to say goodbye to my colleagues and friends - people who've really become family inside that prison". "It was a very difficult moment walking out of that prison. Saying goodbye to those guys, not knowing how much longer they would have to put up with this." He expressed concern for Mr Fahmy and Mr Mohamed, as well as other journalists convicted in absentia. "If it's right for me to be free then it's right for all of them to be free," he said. Mr Greste, Mr Fahmy and Mr Mohamed, journalists for al-Jazeera English, were arrested in 2013 after being accused of collaborating with the banned Muslim Brotherhood after the overthrow of former President Mohammed Morsi by the military. All three denied the charges against them and said their trial was a sham. In June last year, Mr Fahmy and Mr Greste were sentenced to seven years in prison and Mr Mohamed to 10. Their sentences sparked an international outcry. The three men's convictions were overturned on 1 January but they remained in custody pending a retrial. Several students have also been held in the same case. The students deny working for Al-Jazeera but it is thought that material filmed on their phones was used by
Emergency services, including an air ambulance were called to Coate Water, Swindon at about 19:30 BST on Friday, after reports a girl had collapsed. Wiltshire Police said the 17-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene. Officers do not believe the death to be suspicious. A spokesman said: "Our thoughts remain with the girl's family and friends at this extremely difficult time."
He posted three different photos along with the message: "Today's exhilarating spacewalk will be etched in my memory forever - quite an incredible feeling!" He later sent a second tweet which said: "Wrapping up today's spacewalk activities. Huge thanks to the ground teams who make it all possible & keep us safe out there - you guys rock!" Tim Peake made history on Friday when he became the first British person ever to walk in space. He and fellow astronaut Tim Kopra were outside the space station, carrying out repairs, for four hours and 43 minutes. However, they were forced to finish the walk early, when Tim Kopra found water in his helmet.
The Pakistani, widely regarded as the greatest player of all time, went five and a half years without losing between 1981 and 1986. Rod Gilmour, co-author of 'Jahangir Khan: 555', said: "We believe that it could be significantly lower." However, ex-world number one Jahangir, 52, reckons the tally "could be more". He added: "The 555 figure should only be my tournament matches. I played invitational, exhibition and challenge matches. "It could be between 600 to 700 matches if you include the others. Because I wasn't losing those either." Jahangir won the World Open six times and the British Open Championship 10 times in succession between 1982 and 1991. Gilmour and Alan Thatcher have researched record books, annuals, magazines and newspaper reports in writing their book. "I grew up reading reports of Jahangir Khan and even then he seemed a mythical, magical figure to me," said Gilmour. "There were no statisticians at the time chronicling his matches and not once has the figure been highlighted in press reports of the time." Jahangir, whose winning run was ended by Ross Norman in the 1986 World Championship, retired in 1993. The authors do not dispute the timeframe, but Thatcher said they "wanted to solve for accuracy's sake" the final tally. He added: "The real figure? It's hard to say. "But it could be lower than 500, which would mean that Dutch wheelchair tennis great Esther Vergeer could lay claim to the record." Vergeer, who won her fourth consecutive Paralympic singles gold in London in 2012, went unbeaten for 10 years, winning 470 matches before retiring in 2013.
Or so the common narrative goes. But try telling that to Monika Schulz-Hopfner. She and her husband, along with 250 other residents of Atterwasch, a quiet village near the Polish border, face eviction from their home of 30 years to make way for the Janschwalde-Nord coal mine. And not just any old coal, but lignite, the dirtiest form of this ancient fossil fuel that is mined in vast opencast pits. If the plans go ahead, the village, parts of which date back more than 700 years, will be demolished. "Since the plans for the mine were unveiled in 2007, we have lived with this constant threat, which has taken over the lives of every individual and the community as a whole," says Mrs Schulz-Hopfner. How American energy independence could change the world Shale industry faces reality check "Every single decision we make is affected by it." And the residents of Atterwasch are not alone. In the eastern German region of Lausitz, nine villages are under threat, where up to 3,000 people could lose their homes to make way for five new lignite mines that are fuelling the country's renewed thirst for coal. Two further mines are under consideration. The mines are needed to power a new generation of coal power plants. Two new lignite plants were opened in 2012, with a further two in the pipeline. Another two hard coal plants also opened last year, with a further five opening this year or next, with two more awaiting licences. The effects are already being felt. Lignite production in 2012 hit its highest level for almost 20 years, while initial estimates suggest this brown coal was used to generate 162bn kWh of electricity last year, more than in any year since 1990. The use of hard coal also increased, meaning the two energy sources accounted for 46% of Germany's overall energy production. The impact on CO2 emissions has been immediate. "There has been an increase of between 5%-7% in CO2 in the past two years," says Prof Claudia Kemfert, head of energy at the German Institute for Economic Research. And this in a country that aims to reduce emissions by 40% from 1990 levels by 2020. As Prof Christian Hey, secretary general of the German Advisory Council for the Environment, says: "Germany has a coal problem." There are many reasons why. One is the low cost of carbon. "Due to the
15 June 2017 Last updated at 16:01 BST Carlos is famous for his free kicks. And now you can see what it's like for a footballer to take one in front of a huge crowd. See his point of view as he runs out onto the pitch, watches an incredible Luis Figo goal and hears the crowd roar. Video courtesy of Real Madrid TV
Richard Anthony Jones from Kansas was released from jail after witnesses said they could not tell the two men apart. A judge ruled there was no evidence to keep him in jail. Mr Jones said finding a photo of the other man - who as well as looking like him, shares the same first name - was a "needle in a haystack moment". 'I don't believe in luck, I believe I was blessed,' Mr Jones told the Kansas City Star. So far no criminal case has been filed against his double - known only as Ricky - who gave evidence at Mr Jones's robbery retrial and denied committing the crime. While not saying Ricky was responsible, the judge found that based on the new evidence, no reasonable juror would have convicted Mr Jones. Mr Jones said that he began to despair that he would ever be released from jail after repeated efforts to appeal against his 19-year conviction for a 1999 robbery. "All my appeals had been denied. It has been a rough ride," he said. But in 2015 he told researchers from the Midwest Innocence Project - a group that aids wrongly convicted prisoners - about a man called Ricky he had heard about. Mr Jones had been told by fellow inmates that he looked identical to Ricky. "When I saw the picture of my double it all made sense to me," he said. Mr Jones had been convicted based mostly on eyewitness evidence. There was no physical, DNA or fingerprint evidence that linked him to the crime. The researchers found that not only did the other man bear an uncanny resemblance to Mr Jones, he lived near the scene of the crime in Kansas City, Kansas, whereas Mr Jones lived across the state line in Kansas City, Missouri. Lawyers for Mr Jones also said he was with his girlfriend and her family at the time members of the public were robbed in a park. They argued that police identity procedures 17 years ago were deeply flawed. A lawyer working on his case said the team were "floored by how much" Mr Jones and his double looked alike. Mr Jones told the Kansas City Star that he was now adjusting to life outside of jail and was happy to be back with his children.
Police said she was Andrea Harris from Ardrossan. The crash, involving a Stagecoach bus and an Isuzu 4x4, took place north of Ardrossan at 14:15 on Monday. The 48-year-old driver of the Isuzu and the 36-year-old bus driver are "serious but stable" in Glasgow's Queen Elizabeth University Hospital. Four bus passengers, two men and two women, are also in hospital. They were taken to Crosshouse Hospital in Kilmarnock for treatment. A further five passengers on the bus - three men and two women - received medical treatment at the scene or were taken to Crosshouse Hospital but were released after treatment. The Scottish Ambulance Service declared the scene of the crash, near the Rowan Tree restaurant, a major incident. Two air ambulances attended, along with specialist trauma teams. Police Scotland have appealed for witnesses to the crash. Sgt Kevin Blackley from the Trunk Road Policing Unit, Irvine, said: "I would urge anyone who witnessed the crash, who has not yet spoken to police, or anyone with information that may assist our investigation to contact us through the non-emergency number 101."
The pensioner was found dead at an address in Park Lane at about 22:30 BST last Wednesday, West Yorkshire Police said. A 54-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder but was subsequently released. A file has been sent to the coroner, the force says. Live updates and more stories from Yorkshire
Since George Osborne applauded Google's tax agreement with HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) two weeks ago, public sentiment has been mounting against what many feel are unduly favourable tax arrangements for the world's multinationals. In front of MPs, Google's president for Europe, Matt Brittin defended the company's UK tax arrangements.  Its public stance has been that:  "Governments make tax law, the tax authorities independently enforce the law, and Google complies with the law." In which case, the authorities in the UK and beyond seem to be concluding that what's required is a change in the law. Chancellor George Osborne has already instigated a clampdown on the way multinationals shift their profits to different jurisdictions to pay less tax, known as the "diverted profits tax". HMRC has said that the new tax, which came into effect in April last year, is aimed at capturing tax from organisations that don't pay corporation tax on their profits in the UK. Google, says HMRC, has paid the taxes that it is supposed to pay. Which, say critics, suggests this new tax doesn't go far enough. Last month, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) successfully brokered an agreement designed to improve the current system. All 31 of its member countries, which include the US, Bermuda and Guernsey, have agreed to share information on the tax international firms pay, leaving them less room for moving their profits into low tax jurisdictions. But the plan would still require implementation at national level. At the heart of the agreement is the concept of transparency, in particular what is known as "country-by-country reporting". This would force companies to tell the tax office of each country in which they operate, how many staff they employ there, what their revenues and profit are and how much tax they pay. The European Commission has proposed EU member states do the same.  If its plan is approved, which experts say is unlikely as any direct tax measures require unanimity, it could eventually be turned into law by individual countries. The Commission has said it is also looking separately at whether these accounts should be opened up to public scrutiny and will publish its findings in the spring. If such scrutiny were ever implemented, it could be a powerful incentive for firms to change, says Richard Murphy, professor of international political economy at London's City University. "If multinationals feel
Muhammadu Buhari said that if a credible Boko Haram leadership could be identified then he was prepared to talk with them without preconditions. But he said he had no intelligence on the girls' whereabouts or their health. Boko Haram seized the girls from their dormitories in the north-eastern town of Chibok in April 2014. "If a credible leader of Boko Haram can be established and they tell us where those girls are, we are prepared to negotiate with them, without any precondition," said Mr Buhari. Attempts to negotiate with Boko Haram during the rule of ex-President Goodluck Jonathan failed because officials were talking to the wrong people in the fragmented militant group. BBC Nigeria analyst Naziru Mikailu says Mr Buhari's offer to revive talks shows that Boko Haram remains a force, despite his claim last week that the group had been "technically" defeated. There is little prospect of Boko Haram agreeing to negotiate the release of the girls, he adds. The militants regard the girls as their most invaluable captives and their leader, Abubakar Shekau, said last year that most of them had converted to Islam and had been married off. Some Nigerians on social media expressed anger at the president for saying the government had no idea where the girls were being held, saying it indicated a failure of the intelligence services. Mr Buhari took office in May with a promise to defeat the group, and gave the military a deadline of the end of the year to end the six-year insurgency. Although Boko Haram has been driven out from most of the areas it controlled in north-eastern Nigeria, it has continued to carry out suicide bombings and raids into neighbouring Cameroon, Chad and Niger. The military has managed to free hundreds of Boko Haram captives in recent months. However, they did not include any of the Chibok girls. Using football to tackle Boko Haram Why Boko Haram remains a threat
United boss Louis van Gaal is trying to strengthen his squad after they finished fourth in the Premier League. Germany international Schweinsteiger, 30, and 29-year-old Spain player Ramos are among those who interest him. Ramos' contract with Real expires in 2017, while Schweinsteiger's Bayern deal runs until 2016. Scorer of Real's injury-time equaliser in their Champions League final victory over Atletico Madrid in 2014, Ramos has made 445 appearances for the club since joining from Sevilla in 2005. He has 128 Spain caps and was in the starting line-up as they won Euro 2008, Euro 2012 and the 2010 World Cup. Schweinsteiger also has a World Cup winners' medal - starting for Germany in their victory over Argentina last year. He has been with Bayern all his career and won his eighth league title in May. He also won the Champions League in 2013. Real's interest in goalkeeper David De Gea will be used by United in their attempt to sign Ramos. Van Gaal said at the end of last season it would not be easy to keep De Gea - United's player of the year for the second successive year. The 24-year-old Spain international has refused to extend his contract beyond 2016. The Red Devils have been linked with several potential replacements during what Van Gaal said could be a "rough" summer for some of his players given the changes he anticipated. "A club like Manchester United has to be like that," said Van Gaal in May. "When you purchase other players you get a stimulus." Van Gaal is particularly keen to recruit a right-back, central defender, central midfielder and striker. United, who have already bought PSV Eindhoven winger Memphis Depay for £31m, are also interested in Tottenham forward Harry Kane. Barcelona full-back Dani Alves also interested them, but he has signed a new deal at the Nou Camp.
Both panellists wrote articles attacking the other in the aftermath of the BBC show. On his blog, comedian and campaigner Brand called the UKIP leader an "an end of the pier, end of the road, end of days politician". Mr Farage wrote on the Independent website that Brand had been exposed as a "messiah with feet of clay". The two men were joined on Thursday night's show by Conservative Communities Minister Penny Mordaunt, shadow international development secretary Mary Creagh, and Times columnist Camilla Cavendish. In an often heated debate, with members of the audience yelling at each other and the panel, Brand called Mr Farage a "pound shop Enoch Powell" during a section on immigration, with the UKIP leader responding by saying he believed the UK was "overcrowded". The barbs did not stop when filming ended, as Mr Farage said the performance of the "sometime comedian turned banker-basher" had been "limp". He wrote: "Mr Brand will swan around and tout long-discredited, even conspiratorial, theories about the City of London, and 'who owns politicians' - but actually he had very little to give." For his part, Brand said Mr Farage was "worse than stagnant, he is a tribute act, he is a nostalgic spasm for a Britain that never was; an infinite cricket green with no-one from the colonies to raise the game, grammar schools on every corner and shamed women breastfeeding under giant parasols". The breastfeeding reference followed a row over Mr Farage's suggestion that some venues might ask mothers to "perhaps sit in a corner" to feed their babies. Both men praised the audience of Question Time, which was filmed in Canterbury. Brand, who was urged to stand for Parliament by one man in the crowd. added: "The only worthwhile sentiments, be they raging or insightful, come from the audience". Other questions focused on the NHS, grammar schools and trust in politicians. The programme was watched by an average of 3.5 million viewers, with the audience peaking at 4.6 million at the start. This was nearly a million higher than the previous week's episode, but well below the 7.9 million viewers who watched ex-BNP leader Nick Griffin's appearance on the show in 2009. The encounter also triggered plenty of debate on social media, with 106,000 tweets during the show - compared with 22,000 the week before.
Sally Ann John, who disappeared from Swindon, aged 23, in 1995, had been working as a prostitute. On Thursday police arrested three men in their 50s on suspicion of her murder. "Every day is difficult without Sally Ann and I appreciate the understanding I have been shown," said Lesley John. In a statement released through Wiltshire Police, she said: "The police have been keeping me informed of progress with the investigation into Sally Ann's disappearance and the arrests yesterday give me hope. "I feel it is important that the police are able to continue to investigate without speculation from anyone and I hope that the community will support me in this." The trio, including two men from Swindon aged 50 and 52, and a 52-year-old from Chippenham, are still being held on suspicion of kidnap and murder. Sally Ann's disappearance was initially classified as a missing person but police launched a murder investigation in 2014. She was last seen on Aylesbury Street on the morning of Friday 8 September 1995. Her body has never been found.
The Reverend Hayley Young, from Hayling Island Baptist Church near Portsmouth, made the video after her treatment started to cause hair loss. She told Victoria Derbyshire she hopes it will counter misconceptions. The video - which sees the 28-year-old tell her story through cardboard signs - has been viewed over 19,000 times. Ms Young contracted HIV following a non-sexual attack in 2013 - for which she decided not to press charges - and prior to the video had only informed a handful of people close to her of the infection. Among them, she explained, were some negative reactions, with one person referring to her as "dangerous". Her loss of hair was also causing rumours to spread in her church, with many people concerned over her health. It was a result of these factors, she explained, that she "thought it was time that I informed my congregation". "I knew telling them face to face was going to be quite difficult for myself and them so I thought about how I could do it creatively," she added. Her decision to choose a "cardboard testimony" was a result of having seen the popularity of such videos in the United States. The video explains the symptoms Ms Young - who has been a minister at the church since January 2011 - has experienced since contracting HIV, but also looks to counter any misconceptions surrounding the infection. "I think people were worried about me being around children, how they can contract it," she told Victoria Derbyshire. One individual thought HIV could be passed on through kissing. "People just don't know unfortunately," she added. Since the video was posted on May 10, Ms Young says she has been overwhelmed by the reaction from church-goers. "On the whole, the congregation have been amazing and [they're from] a variety of ages and a variety of backgrounds, so I've been humbled by their positivity." She says she is glad many others have been "inspired and encouraged" by the video, but does not feel it is her role to become a spokesperson for those with HIV. Ms Young also explained how she had been hurt by some of the abusive messages YouTube users had posted on the video, although she is now learning to come to terms with them. "When you put your head above the parapet, it's going to happen, isn't it?" she said. Ms Young is continuing to
A trailer and tractor backed into Harry Whitlam at Swithens Farm, Rothwell, West Yorkshire, on 9 August 2013. He died later the same day. Leeds Coroners' Court heard Harry was struck at an area of the farm not usually open to the public. Tractor driver Gary Green was arrested but never charged. Mr Green had 90 micrograms of alcohol in 100ml of breath at the time of the accident. The legal limit is 35 micrograms. The court heard Mr Green was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving and causing death by dangerous driving but was later released and never charged. West Yorkshire Police said a criminal prosecution could not be brought because the incident occurred on private land. Jurors were told Harry had gone into the area where he was run over just after 09:00 BST. His mother, Pamela Whitlam, who worked at the farm's cafe, said she had not explained to him where he could or could not go because she was not familiar with the layout of the site. In a statement to the court, she described how just before the accident she told her son: "Be careful." Moments later she ran outside to find him lying on the floor after being hit by the vehicle. Jurors heard Mr Green had drunk "three of four pints" at the pub the night before the accident and continued drinking at home until 01:45. Following his arrest, he told police officers: "I don't know where he came from because no-one should be down the back of the tractor." The inquest continues. Update 31 July 2015: This story has been amended following updated information supplied by West Yorkshire Police about why a prosecution could not be brought.
19 January 2016 Last updated at 19:50 GMT Eddie Girvan, 67, was found in his home on Station Road in Greenisland by police at about 21:30 GMT on Monday. BBC News NI's Kevin Sharkey reports.
RSPCA officers said Bradley Powers' English Mastiff Hercules was so emaciated, with "nearly every bone visible", he had to be euthanized. Powers, 51, of Swansea, admitted causing unnecessary suffering to the dog at Swansea Magistrates' Court. He was given a 12-week prison sentence, suspended for two years. RSPCA said inspector Leigh Summers visited Powers' home in November last year to find an "extremely skinny" Hercules with a flea infestation. Insp Summers said it was one of the "worst cases of neglect I have ever seen as an inspector - you could see nearly every bone in his body". Insp Summers added: "As well as not treating him for his weight loss, Hercules also had to suffer with a flea infestation, something which is easily preventable." She added: "Although his owner has now been convicted and has been banned from keeping animals, his actions meant that Hercules lost his life and was not able to get the second chance he deserved."
On Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Dyson called for an easing of immigration laws to keep more overseas engineers. He also said he would vote to leave the EU to avoid being "dominated and bullied by the Germans". The firm has committed £1bn to 100 new products over four years. "Export is vital for Britain to create wealth," said founder and chairman James Dyson. "In order to export you have to have high technology products that are better than those produced elsewhere in the world." To boost UK research and development, engineers who come to study in UK universities should be encouraged to work in the UK after their course has finished, Mr Dyson said. "One important thing we should do is to keep those engineers in Britain. A lot of them come from overseas, in fact, 90% of researchers at British universities come from overseas, and we must encourage them to stay here." "I would change our immigration laws to allow the right sort of people to stay here," he said. In addition, Mr Dyson said he didn't particularly want to stay in the EU. "I think it's a European Union dominated by Germany, and in our particular field we have these very large German companies who dominate standards setting and energy reduction committees, and so we get the old guard and old technology supported and not new technology. "I want to keep EFTA - European free trade - and free movement of peoples, but I don't see that we need to be dominated and bullied by the Germans." Dyson's £1bn investment plan represents a significant increase in R&D spending at the company, which first made a name for itself selling bagless vacuum cleaners. Since then it has produced fans, heaters and powerful hand dryers for public toilets. Dyson also announced an extra £45m investment in research at UK universities. The company has already made a commitment to spend £5m on a robotics lab at Imperial College London, but there was no indication as to which other institutions would receive funding. In January, the firm said it would invest £250m to expand its Malmesbury research and development campus, and create 3,000 jobs. Reacting to Dyson's announcement, Prime Minister David Cameron said it signalled that the company was "looking to the future", and that its investment would "help to cement its leading role on the global stage". Dyson also announced
The man said he shot at their car after they refused to stop when he challenged them on Saturday. They were not hurt. He said that earlier he had heard the pair say "did you get anything"? Police in Florida have used the incident as an opportunity to issue guidelines for teenagers and parents on safely playing the game. Police say they received a call from the parents of one of the teenagers when it was noticed later that bullets had caused a flat tyre, News4jax reported. The parent said the teenagers did not realise they were being shot at, and thought that the man was only trying to scare them. The guidelines issues by the Flagler County Sheriff's Office include best practice tips for Pokemon Go players. They advise players to: The sheriff's office also advises parents of Pokemon Go players to: According to data from SimilarWeb, people are now spending more time playing Pokemon Go than they are on Snapchat, Instagram and WhatsApp. The game has also been installed on more Android smartphones in the US than the dating app Tinder.
The investigation by the Press Association news agency found some are now charging £4 for a one-hour stay. It showed most trusts did not increase their charges, but the average rise among the third that did was 15%. The analysis combines figures obtained from NHS trusts and data submitted to statistics body NHS Digital. The most expensive trust in the country for a one-hour stay is the Royal Surrey County Hospital in Guildford, where patients are forced to pay £4 for any stay up to two hours. Deputy chief executive Alf Turner said the charge was necessary to cover running costs and fund the expansion of the car park that is taking place. "I do not like having to charge people for car parking and in an ideal world we would not have to," he added. At the other end of the scale, car parking at Trafford General Hospital in Greater Manchester is free for up to three hours. Some trusts allow patients and visitors to park for free for the first 30 minutes before charges start. But others have scrapped cheaper charges for short stays, meaning people have to pay a flat fee covering up to three hours even if they are only staying for 45 minutes. Of the 209 hospital trusts that reported figures to NHS Digital for both 2014/15 and 2015/16, a third showed an increase in their average charge for a three-hour stay. Some 60% showed no change over the year, while 7% showed a decrease. Some 38% also said they also charged for disabled parking. England is the only part of the UK where hospitals routinely charge patients and visitors for parking. Laura Keely, campaigns manager at Macmillan Cancer Support, said charges are particularly unfair on cancer patients. "They often need to make frequent trips to hospital. They should not be left out of pocket in order to receive life-saving treatment." Some NHS trusts offer concessions to visitors whose loved one is terminally ill and also discounts or weekly tickets for lengthy courses of treatment. Last December, figures obtained under the Freedom of Information Act by the Press Association revealed that some NHS trusts are making more than £3m a year from car parking fees. Of more than 90 trusts that responded to the FoI request, half were making at least £1m a year.
It has launched a plan to update and co-ordinate national tax laws. There was criticism in the UK earlier this year when it emerged that Google, Starbucks and Amazon paid little tax despite having big UK operations. Following that criticism Starbucks agreed to pay more tax. The OECD came up with the plan at the request of the G20 group of leading nations. Finance ministers from the G20 are meeting in Moscow. OECD secretary-general Angel Gurria said: "International tax rules, many of them dating from the 1920s, ensure that businesses don't pay taxes in two countries - double taxation. By Andrew WalkerBBC World Service Economics correspondent It's a plan to produce a plan. At a time when there's much controversy about corporate tax, the OECD has certainly succeeded in grabbing the headlines. But will it produce any real results? There is significant political support for the idea of a crackdown on tax evasion and avoidance. The British Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne and several other European finance ministers have been pushing this agenda. In the United States there is political capital to be earned by being tough on multinationals. Nonetheless, the OECD still has to come up with the detailed proposals and then governments have to choose to implement them. Some probably will be co-operative. But the OECD has no power to compel those who are not. "This is laudable, but unfortunately these rules are now being abused to permit double non-taxation." It is calling for greater international co-operation to close gaps that allows income to "disappear" for tax purposes. The OECD also said that tax income should reflect the economic activity it generates. That would address some of the criticism aimed at big companies. Earlier this year, Google was fiercely criticised by UK MPs for routing Â£3.2bn of UK sales through Dublin and paying little tax as a result. Starbucks has been questioned for transferring money to a Dutch sister company in royalty payments. And Apple's chief executive Tim Cook was questioned by US lawmakers about the billions of dollars his company keeps in its Irish divisions. The companies point out that these schemes are legal and they have a duty to their shareholders to minimise their tax bills. British Prime Minister David Cameron said he was "delighted" the OECD had produced the report. "Taxpayers, governments and businesses all suffer when some companies manipulate the tax system to
Sian Hollands, 25, suffered a pulmonary embolism after leaving Darent Valley Hospital, Dartford, in November 2015. Dr Kamran Khan previously claimed he had not seen Ms Hollands' notes and was unaware of the seriousness of her pain. However, during cross-examination he admitted having the notes but not reading them. The General Medical Council is now investigating him. Ms Hollands, a mother of three, went to Darent Valley Hospital complaining of breathing difficulties and chest and stomach pain. She had suffered an ectopic pregnancy three weeks earlier. Gravesend Coroner's Court heard the former drug user was taking methadone to treat her addiction, but had stopped for a few days. Ms Hollands was given an electrocardiogram (ECG) and methadone, and was given her discharge papers. Her former partner Carl Alleyne said she was in pain and not breathing properly, but was told the hospital "needed the bed space". He refused to take her home and she died a few hours later from a blockage in the artery carrying blood from the heart to the lungs. Dr Khan put her symptoms down to drug withdrawal, the inquest heard. He claimed not to have seen the medical notes labelling her as "at risk" and detailing her chest pain, which would have made him consider a pulmonary embolism. But the medical notes were found with Dr Khan's own writing on the back, proving he had seen, but not properly read, the vital information on the paper. Ms Hollands' family's barrister, Edward Ramsay, asked the doctor: "It means you could not have read what was staring you in the face?" "Yes," he replied. "Simply turning over the page and Sian may well be alive - do you accept that?" Mr Ramsey added. Dr Khan agreed. Mr Ramsay said Ms Hollands was "labelled a heroin addict and nobody considered any other diagnosis". Her mother, Nicole Smith, said that more than 500 days since her daughter's death, they were finally getting the truth. "She was recovering, trying to put her life right, and they condemned her and stopped her from ever moving forward." A spokesman for Darent Valley Hospital said: "We extend our sincere condolences to the family and friends of Sian Hollands. We await the outcome of the coroner's inquest." The inquest has been adjourned until 10 April.
Louise James's partner, two sons, mother and sister died when their car left Buncrana pier in County Donegal and entered Lough Swilly on Sunday. The only survivor was her four-month old daughter Rionaghac-Ann. A funeral service for the victims will take place in Londonderry later. Those who died were Sean McGrotty, 49, his sons Mark, 12, and Evan, eight, Ruth Daniels, 57, and her 14-year-old daughter Jodie Lee Daniels. The family's priest said Ms James had a very emotional meeting with her baby's rescuer. Davitt Walsh dived into the lough, swam to the family in their car, and brought Rionaghac-Ann to safety. Fr Paddy O'Kane, who will officiate at Thursday's funeral service, said he was moved to tears when Ms James met Mr Walsh for the first time. He said: "They looked at each other for some time and Louise began by saying: 'Davitt, I thank you so much for saving the life of my little girl - if it wasn't for her, I wouldn't be here now.'" The priest added that she told Mr Walsh she would be grateful to him for the rest of her life and that the rescuer would "always have a special bond" with her baby. "Then Davitt told us how sorry he was, because he would loved to have done more and he couldn't save the others," Fr O'Kane said. "But she said: 'No, you did what you had to do. You did the right thing, you had to save her, because if you hadn't, and tried to save more, we could have had seven coffins here, not five.'" The priest said Mr Walsh began to cry and told Ms James: "I needed to hear that from you." The pair then embraced and wept together. Fr O'Kane said he believed he would never again see "such intensity of feeling". Mr Walsh will attend the funeral at Holy Family Church in Ballymagroarty at 14:00 GMT. Speaking ahead of the service, Fr O'Kane said:  "It's going to be very sad to have five coffins here in our church, we've never had that happen before." But he said the community was "united in grief" and wanted to support the family. Hundreds of people in the city have signed books of condolence, including Northern Ireland's first and deputy first ministers. Arlene Foster and Martin McGuinness  visited the family home on Thursday morning to meet Ms James
"After much soul-searching, it is clearly time for us to live by Michael's words about love not war," wrote Jermaine, in a statement. Jermaine also withdrew his support for a leaked letter which calls on executors of the estate to resign. On Thursday his mother, Katherine, was reinstated as guardian of Michael's children along with his cousin, TJ. Days earlier, TJ became a temporary guardian for the three children amid reports Katherine, 82, was missing. Michael's siblings, Jermaine, Randy and Janet, are understood to have driven to the Jackson home and insisted they leave with Michael's three children. Police were called following a "minor scuffle". "Mistakes have been made and irrational things have been said on both sides in a highly charged emotional environment," Jermaine Jackson wrote in his statement. "It is time for us all to draw a line in the sand and move towards peace, co-operation, love and healing." 'Mutual suspicions' Katherine Jackson was on a 10-day spa trip to Arizona, when speculation arose about her whereabouts and her health. Prince Michael, 15, Paris, 14, and 10-year-old Prince Michael II (also called Blanket) have lived with the singer's mother since his death in 2009. Lawyers for the estate this week confirmed a number of unnamed relatives have been barred from visiting the Jackson family home. Writing in his statement about the confrontation at the Jackson family home on 23 July, Jermaine said "it was clear that mutual suspicions had allowed events to spiral out of control". "I regret that events were ever allowed to reach such a stage," he wrote. "I regret any distress caused to Prince, Paris and Blanket. That was never, ever the intention of myself, Janet, Rebbie or Randy." Michael Jackson's will left nothing to his siblings when he died aged 50 of an overdose of the anaesthetic propofol in June 2009. 'Overwhelmed' Janet, Randy, Jermaine and Rebbie are all understood to have signed a letter, which was leaked to the press, alleging the will was a fake and calling on executors of the estate to resign. The letter states the family was too overwhelmed at the time of the singer's death to meaningfully challenge the will that gave only Katherine Jackson and Michael's three children a stake in the estate. The estate has denied the accusations, saying they are "saddened" by "false and defamatory accusations". Any legal challenge to the will should have been
His spokesman says Khodorkovsky and his wife travelled by train to Basel from Germany to accompany their two sons who are returning to their Swiss school. Khodorkovsky flew to Germany after his release on 20 December. He served 10 years in jail for fraud and tax evasion, but insists that his conviction was politically motivated. While travelling to Basel on Sunday, Khodorkovsky told Swiss TV he wanted to campaign for the release of prisoners. Q&A: Khodorkovsky and Russia Khodorkovsky: In quotes Profile: Mikhail Khodorkovsky "You can't remain quiet when you know that political prisoners languish in jail," he said. "I think campaigning for the release of those who have been jailed without justification is the job of every ordinary citizen. As far as I'm concerned, it has nothing to do with politics," he added. Khodorkovsky has not yet decided whether he wants to stay permanently in Switzerland, his spokesman said. The businessman made his fortune from the controversial privatisation of Soviet state assets. In 1995, he acquired oil giant Yukos. After President Vladimir Putin came to power Khodorkovsky made no secret of his support for the liberal opposition, In 2005 he received an eight-year jail sentence for tax evasion, fraud and embezzlement. Two years before his release date he was convicted again on further charges of embezzlement and money laundering. He had been due to be released next August, but requested a pardon because his mother is suffering from cancer. The pardon came after Russian MPs backed a wide-ranging amnesty for at least 20,000 prisoners. Two members of punk protest band Pussy Riot - jailed for staging a protest in a cathedral - have also recently been freed. Analysts say Mr Putin may have been trying to dampen international criticism of Russia's human rights record ahead of February's Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Permission is being sought for three single turbines over 200m (655ft) high at Graythorp Industrial Estate, Brenda Road West Industrial Estate and Tofts Road West. The Department of Energy and Climate Change said it believed these would be the highest in England and Wales. Hartlepool Borough Council has recorded about 40 objections to the plans. More than 300 consultation responses have been received from individuals, councils and other organisations. The scheme developer is Hartlepool renewable energy company Seneca Global Energy Ltd. Ward Hadaway solicitor Mark Whitehead, who is acting for the company, said single, taller turbines could generate the same volume of energy as three or four typical turbines used in other schemes. "The increase in wind speeds at height allow the volume of renewable energy generation from each turbine to be maximised, whilst having the benefit of reducing the number of turbines used," he said. "This is intended to deliver high levels of renewable power whilst minimising the visual impact on the surrounding area." Of those replying to the consultation to date, just over one in 10 object on grounds such as reduction of property value, obstruction of view and effect on wildlife. Further discussions are taking place about the location of turbines planned for Tofts Road West and Graythorp Industrial Estate. The Ramblers Association and Network Rail pointed out their current proposed site left them within "topple distance" of the nearby railway line and buildings. The application for three turbines with a maximum tip height - measured from the ground to the top of a turbine blade pointing upwards - of 206m (677ft) is due to be considered next year. By comparison, turbines at Northumberland wind farms such as Lynemouth and Middlemoor are about 120-125m (about 400ft) high.
Interior Minister Nikos Voutsis made his comments during a weekend TV programme. Stocks on Greece's ATG index closed 3.11% lower at 814.06. Greece still needs to strike a deal with its creditors in order to release €7.2bn (£5.1bn) in remaining assistance. "The four instalments for the IMF in June are €1.6bn, this money will not be given and is not there to be given," Mr Voutsis said. The country's finance minister meanwhile has told the BBC on Sunday that progress was being made. "Greece has made enormous strides at reaching a deal," Yanis Varoufakis told the Andrew Marr Show. Other benchmark indexes across Europe have also fallen. The IBEX closed down 2.01% to 11,322.3 after Spain's voters punished the ruling Popular Party (PP) in local and regional elections. "Sunday's losses by the ruling party are seen as a protest against the country's economic hardship, which is shown most clearly in an unemployment rate of 23% - and more than double that among young people," said BBC economics correspondent Andrew Walker. Financial markets were unsettled by the vote against an economic strategy that many investors broadly support, he added. France's Cac-40 closed down 0.5% to 5117.1, and Italy's MIB closed down 1.94% to 23,305. Stock markets in London and Germany were closed for public holidays.
It follows changes to the policy two years ago which regulators felt breached European rules. Among other things, it says Google must tell users exactly what data is collected and with whom it is shared. Google said it was working with regulators to "explain its privacy policy changes". The dispute has been running since March 2012 when Google consolidated its 60 privacy policies into one and started combining data from YouTube, Gmail and Google Maps. Users were given no means to opt out of the changes. Although Google has not been directly accused of acting illegally, it has been accused of providing "incomplete and approximate" details raising "deep concerns about  data protection and the respect of the European law". Google did make some changes to its privacy policy in March this year, linking to individual services from its main privacy document. "It has made some changes but our investigation won't end until we believe it is fully compliant," said a spokesman for the UK's information commissioner's office (ICO). In a letter addressed to Google's chief executive Larry Page, the European Union's data protection working party wrote: "Google must meet its obligations with respect to the European and national data protection legal frameworks and has to determine the means to achieve these legal requirements." A spokesman for Google told the Reuters news agency that it was looking forward to discussing the new guidelines. "We have worked with different data protection authorities across Europe to explain our privacy policies," he said. Regulators in Italy, France, Spain, Germany, Britain and the Netherlands have launched investigations into Google's privacy policies and, in January, France fined Google 150,000 euros (Â£117,000) for failure to comply with its privacy rules. "It is disappointing that two years of deliberation has led to the preparation of a document that is the equivalent of selling cucumbers to the gardener," said Anna Fielder, chairwoman of trustees at campaign group Privacy International. "The guidelines are fundamental basics that Google should have implemented years ago, and the weakness of the language used in framing this will mean Google will do nothing to comply. "These guidelines are doing nothing more than stating the obvious, and it is shameful that it took the Article 29 Working Party two years to come up with something that Google should already have been complying with," she said.
Police said four men, aged 72, 58, 56 and 55, were being held in the probe into financial irregularities at LCC. Liverpool City Council's chief executive Ged Fitzgerald and leader of the Tories at LCC Geoff Driver are among those arrested. The probe is into a council contract. Lancashire Police said the arrests at addresses in Preston and Merseyside were made on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and witness intimidation, but not on suspicion of fraud. The investigation, which was launched in 2013, relates to allegations of financial irregularities over the tendering of a Â£5m contract with One Connect Ltd, a joint venture between the council and BT to run some services. The deal included running the council's fleet of vehicles which was agreed by LCC's Conservative administration, which was then led by Mr Driver. The contract was revoked later that year by the new Labour administration. The Conservatives regained control of LCC in the elections earlier this month, and Mr Driver, 72, is expected to be named as leader of the council at a meeting on Thursday. Mr Fitzgerald was the chief executive at LCC before he left to take up the same post at Liverpool City Council. In January Lancashire's police and crime and commissioner Clive Grunshaw said the investigation into the allegations had cost Â£2m and 22 police officers were working on it. LCC said it was not making any comment although it was aware of the police statement. A spokesman for Liverpool City Council said: "We do not comment on personnel matters relating to individual employees."
It warned last year that profits would be Â£20m lower than in the year before. Operating profits were down 22% at Â£69.5m, in line with that guidance, but the company also chopped its dividend from 42p to 25p. De La Rue, which is more than 200 years old, makes notes for 150 countries including the UK. Shares in De La Rue fell by 10% in early trade before recovering slightly. However, in lunchtime trade they were still 47.5p, or 8.6%, lower at 506p. The company complained last year that its latest contract from the Bank of England was less favourable and that other countries would be encouraged to improve their contracts when renegotiating. It has been battling rising costs, largely the price of paper, for a number of years. De La Rue, which has customers in 65 countries, also makes biometric passports.
The details of more than a million members including their weight, height, job, and phone numbers were discovered unencrypted online in December 2015. They have now been sold on the black market, said security expert Troy Hunt. The firm said the data belonged to members who joined before July 2015 and that no passwords or financial information were included. Security researcher Chris Vickery, who originally discovered it, told the BBC the firm acted quickly after he notified them - but by then, data had already been sold on. "They published it openly to the world with no protection whatsoever," he said. Beautiful People originally claimed the content was from a test server but Mr Vickery said the data itself was still genuine. "Whether or not it's in the test database makes no difference if it's real data," he added. It also transpired that a second researcher had identified the same weakness on the same day. "The breach involves data that was provided by members prior to mid-July 2015. No more recent user data or any data relating to users who joined from mid-July 2015 onward is affected," Beautiful People said in a statement. "As far as we were aware, at that time [in December 2015], only the two security researchers who informed us of the breach had access to this data." Now the compromised data appears to have been sold on the black market, security expert Troy Hunt told Forbes. "Now it's public, cybercriminals have the opportunity to use this information to steal personal identities or more," said David Emm, principal security researcher at Kaspersky Lab. "Unfortunately, once a breach of this nature has been made, there is not much that can be done." Cybercriminals use the genuine identities to synthesise new ones, and they tend to act within a month of receiving stolen data, said John Lord, managing director at identity data intelligence firm GBG. "Organisations need to take action and use more data, analytical insights and triangulation of multiple-identity proofing techniques to minimise the potential effects of identity theft for both the user and the businesses serving them," he said. People hoping to join the Beautiful People website submit photographs which are then rated by existing members of the opposite sex for 48 hours. If they get enough positive votes, they are then granted membership. The firm claims more than 700 marriages have taken place between people who
The list of MPs who will chair Labour policy committees reads like a who's who of Mr Corbyn's internal critics. They include pro-Trident MP John Woodcock who reportedly turned the air blue at a Blairite event as he summed up his views on Mr Corbyn's leadership. The annual Parliamentary party departmental committee elections normally pass without controversy. But this year there appears to have been a concerted effort by Corbyn-sceptic MPs to gain control of one of the party's policy making mechanisms, according to grassroots website Labour List. Particularly as only four of the 17 posts were contested - although that may be because most of Corbyn's Labour allies already have roles as shadow ministers. Former shadow chancellor Chris Leslie, who has said Mr  Corbyn's economic policy would result in "higher inflation and higher cost of living" which would hit "the very people we should be standing up for", will chair the Parliamentary Party's Treasury committee. Ian Austin, who tweeted "I'm getting a little tired of the self-indulgent comfort-zone fantasy that Corbyn could ever persuade mainstream voters to make him PM," will chair the party's education committee. Shabana Mahmood, who quit the shadow cabinet, because she "strongly disagreed" with Mr Corbyn's economic policies, will chair the justice committee. Other Corbyn critics to be appointed to committee chairs include Caroline Flint, Tristram Hunt, Ivan Lewis, Mike Gapes and Emma Reynolds. They will have the power to stand in for shadow ministers at the despatch box, although this is rarely used, and influence policy decisions behind the scenes. Who chairs Labour backbench committees doesn't usually make the headlines  - but then there has rarely been such a gulf between a leader and many of his own MPs. The lack of support for Jeremy Corbyn at Westminster was underlined by the fact that all but two of the successful candidates backed either Liz Kendall or Yvette Cooper for leader - and none backed him. Mr Corbyn had said he wanted these positions to become more influential - and that is exactly the intention of the new chairmen and women, too. Nine of them will serve on Labour's National Policy Forum. John Woodcock  - who is now the Parliamentary Labour Party's defence chairman -  said he will remind his leadership that MPs were elected on a policy of retaining the nuclear deterrent. And the new Treasury chairman Chris Leslie has
More than 6,800 people have been killed and 35,000 injured since March 2015, the majority in air strikes by a Saudi-led multinational coalition that backs the president. The conflict and a blockade imposed by the coalition have also triggered a humanitarian disaster, leaving 80% of the population in need of aid. The conflict has its roots in the failure of the political transition that was supposed to bring stability to Yemen following an uprising that forced its longtime authoritarian president, Ali Abdullah Saleh, to hand over power to Mr Hadi, his deputy, in November 2011. Mr Hadi struggled to deal with a variety of problems, including attacks by al-Qaeda, a separatist movement in the south, the continuing loyalty of many military officers to Mr Saleh, as well as corruption, unemployment and food insecurity. The Houthi movement, which champions Yemen's Zaidi Shia Muslim minority and fought a series of rebellions against Mr Saleh during the previous decade, took advantage of the new president's weakness by taking control of their northern heartland of Saada province and neighbouring areas. Disillusioned with the transition, many ordinary Yemenis - including Sunnis - supported the Houthis and in September 2014 they entered the capital, Sanaa, setting up street camps and roadblocks. In January 2015, the Houthis reinforced their takeover of Sanaa, surrounding the presidential palace and other key points and effectively placing Mr Hadi and his cabinet ministers under house arrest. The president escaped to the southern port city of Aden the following month. The Houthis and security forces loyal to Mr Saleh then attempted to take control of the entire country, forcing Mr Hadi to flee abroad in March 2015. Alarmed by the rise of a group they believed to be backed militarily by regional Shia power Iran, Saudi Arabia and eight other mostly Sunni Arab states began an air campaign aimed at restoring Mr Hadi's government. The coalition received logistical and intelligence support from the US, UK and France. The rise of Yemen's Houthi rebels Meeting the Houthis - and their enemies After more than a year-and-a-half of fighting, no side appears close to a decisive military victory. Pro-government forces - made up of soldiers loyal to President Hadi and predominantly Sunni southern tribesmen and separatists - were successful in stopping the rebels taking Aden, but only after a fierce, four-month battle that left hundreds dead. Having established a beachhead, coalition ground troops landed
Garff MHK Martyn Perkins said the public are "sick of dog mess dirtying the streets and popular walks". A two-week consultation will be launched by the Department of Environment, Food and Agriculture to gauge public opinion. Currently, owners can be given a fixed penalty fine of Â£50 or taken to court if they don't clean up after their dog. The proposed system will see swabs taken from dogs' mouths and compared to samples taken from faeces. Mr Perkins said he had "already had lots of feedback from responsible owners who support the move", adding: "It is certainly a case of the minority ruining it for the majority." He said the issue needs to be dealt with partially because the island's "outstanding natural landscapes" have recently been recognised by UNESCO. "We are very proud of this status and we want to encourage people to take pride in their environment," he said. If it is supported, DNA testing could be included in a bill, currently going through Tynwald, which aims to amend the Dogs Act 1990. The bill would mean every dog on the island must be implanted with a microchip, which would see an end to the licensing and duty regime for dogs. Microchipping became a legal requirement in the UK in 2016.
Currently scratch cards and display discs are used, but Transport Minister Deputy Eddie Noel advertised for a new app-based cashless system. He said this would eventually be rolled out to street parking as well as the island's 46 car parks. It would run alongside the scratch cards so people without a smart phone could still pay to park. The price of a scratch card is 76p per unit with a monthly season ticket costing Â£123.31, and Mr Noel said the new system would cost the same as scratch cards. Mr Noel said it would give people a greater flexibility and make it easier to police as it would be likely to use number plate recognition. It should be in place by the middle of 2016.
Cox told US chatshow host Jimmy Kimmel how she had struggled with the way the Londonderry man pronounces certain words. The pair met in 2013 through mutual friend Ed Sheeran, and announced their engagement last year. The actress showed a video clip of her family attempting to say the phrase "how now brown cow", with mixed results. "My fiancé is from Northern Ireland and it's a great place - nice people there," she said. "But you know, I'm from Alabama and we're real southern. "He's got this beautiful accent - so we were celebrating our engagement a year ago and in Northern Ireland you say the word 'now', not like n-o-w but it's like n-a-u-w. "It's weird and it's hard to do - I cannot get it. "So we were sitting at this table and I was trying to get these southerners to try to say, 'how now brown cow' in the way he says it." Kimmel joked: "I love that Johnny is just sitting there being abused by your whole family, thinking 'I came here from Northern Ireland to be made fun of?'" She laughed: "He wanted to go home after that."
Seagulls defender Shane Duffy headed in Oliver Norwood's corner against his former side to put the visitors ahead. Dale Stephens' volley after the break doubled the lead before Rovers' Sam Gallagher fired in from close range. Brighton substitute Glenn Murray chipped in to seal the win after Blackburn's Gordon Greer was sent off, before Gallagher grabbed a consolation. Murray's 13th league goal of the season and first away from home this campaign, came after Rovers goalkeeper Jason Steele dropped Lewis Dunk's shot at the striker's feet. Any chance of a comeback by the hosts had already been made more difficult at 2-1, when ex-Brighton captain Greer was shown a second yellow for a foul on Bournemouth loanee Murray 16 minutes from full-time. Gallagher smashed in his ninth Championship goal this season and second of the evening after racing clear in stoppage time, but it was too late for Owen Coyle's struggling side in front of a season-low crowd of 9,976 at Ewood Park. Rovers have now lost 11 of their 21 Championship fixtures and Cardiff's win over Wolves ensured they slipped into the relegation zone. In contrast, Brighton have been defeated in just seven of their past 68 league games in a run stretching back to May 2015, but will be replaced by Newcastle at the summit if the Magpies win at Wigan on Wednesday. Duffy, who arrived on the south coast in August, has now scored four times against Rovers this season - three of them own goals. The 24-year-old turned into his own net in a 3-0 defeat at Wigan on 13 August. Four days later Duffy scored two first-half own goals and was then sent off in stoppage time in a 2-1 loss at Cardiff - his final league match for the Lancashire club. Blackburn manager Owen Coyle told BBC Radio Lancashire: "I thought we started the game really well on the front foot against a team I would say along with Newcastle look very, very big favourites certainly for automatic promotion. "We certainly made one or two chances, but we accepted they were very dangerous on the counter-attack. At 2-1. We felt we were right back in it with a chance to turn the game on its head. "But, it's a huge turning point when Gordon picks up the second yellow card. There was certainly contact and it leaves us with 10 men against one of
The 10,000-year-old remains of 27 people found west of Lake Turkana show that they met violent deaths. They were left to die there rather than being buried. Many experts have argued that conflict only came about as humans became more settled. These people, by contrast, were apparently nomadic hunter-gatherers. The archaeologists, who have been working on the site at Nataruk since 2012, discovered that the victims were clubbed or stabbed to death in a single event. The dead included male and female adults, as well as children. The evidence, published in the journal Nature, does not reveal exactly what happened but the fact that so many people died at the same time suggests it was the result of "some sort of conflict", according to Cambridge University Professor Robert Foley. Nataruk records what is, for now, the oldest scientifically-dated case of conflict between two nomadic hunter-gatherer groups. Nevertheless, its significance is not its age, but the fact that it involved these groups, who had few possessions to fight over. Nataruk establishes definitively that inter-group violence can and did arise regardless of whether the populations were settled. All it needed was moments of food abundance, causing groups to grow in size, putting pressure on the resources. Then the benefits of stealing from another group could outweigh the costs of the conflict that might ensue. Nataruk was an important place because it was at the edge of a super lake beach which would have attracted all land animals to drink, as well as giving access to fishing grounds, while other parts of the shore of Lake Turkana (the forested Kerio Delta, for example, or the rocky whole southern edge) would not have that. It is believed that the group was attacked by rival hunter-gatherers armed with wooden clubs and arrows or spears tipped with sharpened obsidian, a rare black volcanic rock. Speculating on the causes of the attack, Marta Mirazon Lahr, who led the Nataruk study, said the "massacre may have resulted from an attempt to seize resources... whose value was similar to those of later food-producing agricultural societies, among whom violent attacks on settlements became part of life". Today, the area where the bodies were found is scrubland, but the researchers say that 10,000 years ago it would have been fertile and very close to the shoreline of the lake. Many experts have argued that conflicts only arise "once people have things
Media playback is unsupported on your device 12 January 2015 Last updated at 22:04 GMT The accounts were hacked by a group claiming to support Islamic State, while President Obama was giving a speech on cybersecurity. Mr Earnest said that officials were monitoring the hack, but cautioned "there is a pretty significant difference between what is a large data breach and the hacking of a Twitter account". The accounts, which usually provide updates on strikes against IS, have now been suspended.
An Ontario judge dismissed mischief charges against Anita Krajnc, ending a legal battle that captured the global attention of animal rights activists. Judge David Harris said he was not convinced that Ms Krajnc obstructed the use of property when she gave water to pigs headed to slaughter. Ms Krajnc said it confirms "compassion is not a crime". Mischief to property is a criminal offence in Canada related to the wilful destruction or damage of property. Justice Harris wrote in his decision that he is satisfied that Ms Krajnc "did not obstruct, interrupt or interfere with the lawful use, enjoyment or operation of any property" when in July 2015, she gave water to a few animals being carried in a tractor trailer filled with 190 pigs going to a slaughterhouse outside Toronto. Ms Krajnc, who co-founded an organisation called Toronto Pig Save in 2011, regularly gathered with other activists on a traffic island at an intersection near a large slaughterhouse to pet the animals and give them water. But this time, the truck driver confronted Ms Krajnc and police were called. A video of the tense encounter was posted online by the activists. During her trial, supporters crammed into the courtroom, many sitting on the floor. Members of the media sat in the prisoner's box. Despite her win on Thursday, Ms Krajnc told the BBC she has "mixed feelings" about the decision. "We were hoping for recognition in the legal system that pigs and other animals are simply not property - that they are sentient beings, that they have basic rights," she said. In his decision, Justice Harris noted that under Canadian law, pigs are property. "Ms Krajnc and like-minded individuals may believe otherwise and they are fully entitled to that belief. That does not however make it so," he wrote. Ms Krajnc's case and her efforts to "hold vigil" for animals headed to slaughter have caught on with animal rights activists around the world. A number of similar "Save" campaigns have cropped up globally, including dozens in the UK. The movement promotes veganism, animal rights activism, and "bearing witness" to the suffering of animals. Jenny Canham helped create the Essex Pig save chapter and told the BBC she was "really relieved" by Thursday's court decision. She said her group will continue to advocate for animal welfare and to spread the movement in the UK. Ms Krajnc said she will continue
Americans Steve Kaplan and Jason Levien are in talks about taking a "controlling interest" in the club. Guidolin, 60, has led Swansea to Premier League safety since joining in January, but his contract expires at the end of the season. "We spoke about the future. Nothing is decided," said Italian Guidolin. "We spoke about the team, the players, many things, but not about the takeover. I don't know what [impact] it will have. "I confirmed to him I would prefer to stay here if possible. Now I'm waiting for his decision, but I'm happy." Swansea reached the 40-point mark synonymous with Premier League survival by beating Chelsea 1-0 on Saturday, although the prospect of American investment has since dominated the agenda at the Liberty Stadium. Jenkins and vice-chairman Leigh Dineen will stay on at Swansea in an executive capacity if the takeover goes through. Jenkins has said a deal would not affect Swansea's managerial plans. Garry Monk was sacked as head coach in December and, after Alan Curtis' temporary spell in charge, Guidolin was appointed. The former Udinese manager said: "This is not my job. It is difficult for me to say something about this situation. "This is an important club for me. I like the kindness of the people, the Premier League; my wife and family is happy. "But I don't know if my future is here or another part of the world. I don't know anything about the agreements."
The whale was beached in the Roughty River in Kenmare, about 3km inland. It was kept alive during the low tide and eventually dragged into some water. The whale was herded down the river by two boats and returned to open water under the supervision of County Kerry based vet Henk Offereins. "The last sighting was of the whale swimming in a straight line towards the sea," Mr Offereins said. "Fingers crossed it will keep swimming. Great effort from all involved."
Archibald Shaw, 81 of Ardrossan, carried out the sexual abuse in Kilmarnock and Newton Stewart between 1982 and 1990. The High Court in Glasgow heard that he refuses to accept his guilt. But judge Bill Dunlop QC told Shaw that the evidence against him was "overwhelming". He said: "You carried out an appalling catalogue of perverted, predatory behaviour towards two children. "You stole their childhood and affected the quality of their adult lives. "I can never understand why, while you are violating children, you don't think these people will become adults and one day will bring you to account." Judge Dunlop said that, but for Shaw's age, he would have imposed a longer sentence. Shaw was placed on the sex offenders' register for life. His seven-year sentence will begin after he finishes a 21-month sentence for stalking a 15-year-old girl. Solicitor advocate John Keenan, defending, told the court that Shaw had a heart condition and did not expect to be released from custody. Shaw's victims, who are now in their 40s, went to the police after hearing on the radio that he had been convicted of stalking the schoolgirl. Advocate depute Paul Brown, prosecuting, said: "The accused has previous convictions for sexual offences against children." Shaw was found guilty of eight charges of sexual abuse, including rape. Many of the offences took place in a caravan. Shaw would ply his young victims with alcohol and make them watch pornographic videos before abusing them. He raped his 11-year-old victim again on various occasions when she was aged between 16 and 19. Shaw claimed that he had had consensual sex with the girl once she turned 16, but the jury did not believe him. In evidence, his victims said he ruined their childhoods. One of them said: "He said if we ever told what had happened to us we would be taken away from our families." The jail term was welcomed by NSPCC Scotland which praised Shaw's victims for coming forward to report his "heinous" crimes. A spokesman for the charity said: "This sentence sends out the strong message once again that child abuse will not be tolerated, no matter when the offences took place, and we hope this case will encourage others to speak out about abuse they have suffered, knowing they will be listened to and supported."
Under the  Wales Bill, currently going through Parliament, Welsh ministers could vary income tax by up to 10p in the pound, subject to a referendum. Mr Jones said that "on balance" a referendum would still be needed. But opposition parties suggested extra powers being offered to other parts of the UK could make a poll unnecessary. Assembly party leaders were giving evidence to the Commons Political and Constitutional Reform Committee, meeting in Cardiff Bay, which is holding an inquiry into the future of devolution. Mr Jones said: "Is there a need to have a referendum specifically on income tax devolution in Wales? "I think on balance I would say referendums still need to be held but given the pace of change elsewhere in Scotland...I am very wary of any suggestion, leaving aside what I've said on income tax, that every change in Wales needs to be approved by a referendum." Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood said AMs should decide on income tax, if English regions were to gain tax powers without referendums. "Given that there will be some tax powers offered, in all likelihood, to some of the English regions now, without the need for a referendum, we would argue that that changes the picture for Wales," she said. "Tax powers should be able to be triggered by the representatives of the people of Wales via this institution." Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams also questioned the need for a poll, if parties put the issue of devolving income tax powers to Wales in their general election manifestos. "I really wonder whether that's necessary, especially if all political parties had it in their manifestos in May and people were elected on the basis of that," she said. Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies said he was "open-minded" about the need for a referendum, but noted that a specific question on income tax was included in Scotland's 1997 referendum which has not been put to voters in Wales.
Police Scotland said the drugs were seized in Church Place on Monday. The men, aged 25 and 28, and the woman, 39, were arrested and charged. They have since appeared at Falkirk Sheriff Court. Detectives urged anyone with information about the sale and supply of illegal substances to contact them.
Nobel prize-winning geneticist Sir Paul Nurse told BBC Newsnight experts "are being derided and pushed back". Mr Gove says he had economists mostly in mind when he said "people in this country have had enough of experts". But he admitted some people may have felt "licensed" by his remarks to challenge all forms of expertise. Mr Gove made the controversial remarks in an interview with Sky's Faisal Islam three weeks before last year's EU referendum. Michael Gove was justice secretary at the time and a leading figure in the Vote Leave campaign. Critics claimed Mr Gove was whipping up an anti-intellectual mood with parallels to Donald Trump's assault on media and other sources of information. Mr Gove said his remarks were taken out of context because Mr Islam interrupted him before he was able to clarify that he was referring to "organizations with acronyms who had got things wrong in the past". He told Newsnight he had failed to express himself more carefully because it was "a high profile, high intensity, high tension, high nervousness, encounter". He insisted he did not regret using the word "expert" but added: "One of the things that is occasionally irritating is that people assume that what I was saying was a blanket rejection of facts, evidence, rigour - when in fact what I was trying to do was to say look let's simply not take arguments at face value, just because someone works for a prestigious organisation." He conceded that some people may have felt encouraged by his comments to cast doubt on all forms of expertise. "It may be that there are some people out there who think that that I'm giving them licence to operate in that way. Who's to say?" He added: "I would hope that people looking at my career would say whatever that phrase may have encouraged or licensed, actually the man uttering it was someone who believed in more knowledge and more critical thinking - not less." But Sir Paul, a former president of Britain's top scientific body, the Royal Society, said even if Mr Gove had meant to cast doubt primarily on economics, he had been "irresponsible" not to clarify his remarks. He said the comment "spilled over into all sorts of other areas where experts have an enormous contribution to make to the proper running of society". "The fact that experts have been derided in this
Media playback is not supported on this device Keetels, a member of the victorious 2014 World Cup team, fired low past Maddie Hinch in the fourth quarter after two shots had been blocked. England won several penalty corners, but were frustrated by a resilient Dutch defence. Alex Danson did go close though with a shot saved by keeper Anne Veenendaal. Danson's team-mate Sophie Bray also went agonisingly close to scoring as she failed to convert Zoe Shipperley' low driven pass. Keetels said: "It was amazing. I'm so happy. The English attacked and defended well. "We are enjoying the pressure. The crowd is all orange so it feels like an extra player on the field." The home nation will play neighbours Belgium in Saturday's final. England will take on Germany for the bronze medal prior to that match. England play Netherlands again, this time in the men's semi-finals on Friday (19:00 BST).
The Migration Watch report said a "cautious estimate" for annual net migration by 2035 was 265,000, with 60% of migrants coming from the EU. It said there was complacency about the impact of rapid population growth which it said "could change the UK forever". Remain said leaving the EU and damaging the economy was not the answer. Immigration has been a key battleground in the referendum campaign ahead of the vote on EU membership on 23 June. Net migration to the UK rose to 333,000 in 2015, according to Office for National Statistics estimates released in May - the second highest figure on record - figures which the Leave campaign argue illustrates the inability of the UK to control migration while being in the EU. Migration Watch, which campaigns for reduced migration, has now looked over a 20-year period at the impact on net migration in the event the UK votes to remain in the EU on 23 June. This issue covers immigration and free movement within Europe. Net migration is the difference between the number of people coming to the UK for at least a year and those leaving. It said the figure of 265,000 excluded the possibility of Turkey joining the EU altogether and took the average of the high and low migration scenarios. Under its low migration scenario, net migration from the EU would fall to 135,000 by the end of the period and only a small number of refugees who have already arrived in other parts of the EU would relocate to Britain. In this scenario the government would successfully reduce non-EU net migration to 100,000 a year and British emigration would remain at 50,000 a year, leading to total net migration of 205,000. For the high scenario, net migration from the EU would rise to 220,000 by 2031. In this scenario, non-EU migration would remain at 150,000 per year and British emigration would remain at 50,000 net per year, leading to net migration to the UK to 320,000 in 20 years' time, it said. Lord Green of Deddington, chairman of Migration Watch UK said: "This report is a final wake-up call. Even leaving aside the prospect of Turkey joining the EU, it shows that net migration could still be running at 265,000 a year in 20 years' time. "This would bring our population to 80 million within 30 years. If we remain in the EU
13 March 2012 Last updated at 18:31 GMT Nan Weidong and Nan Weiping have been transforming vegetables into musical instruments for two years. Their dad was a music teacher and encouraged them to be musical from a young age - but carrot panpipes probably weren't what he had in mind! Weidong says it's important the veg is fresh - otherwise it risks being out of tune. And no vegetable is too much of a challenge: they've turned a sweet potato into an ocarina, a bamboo shoot has become a flute, and a yam has doubled up as a whistle. Watch the clip to see them in action!
Mr O'Malley, who is also a former mayor of Baltimore, joins Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in the primary race ahead of the 2016 US election. "I'm running for you," Mr O'Malley told a crowd of around 1,000 people in Baltimore on Saturday. He also pointed to his work as governor on issues such as gay marriage, immigration and income inequality. "My decision is made. Now you will all have a vital choice to make next year, for the good of your families, and for the good of the country you love and carry in your hearts," he added. The Democratic National Committee said it welcomed a candidate who had shown "solid commitment" to social justice. Mr O'Malley, who endorsed Hillary Clinton's unsuccessful run for the Democratic nomination in the 2008 election, said that his party deserved a wide choice of candidates. "The presidency is not a crown to be passed back and forth between two royal families,'' he said, referring to Republican and Democratic nominees Jeb Bush and Ms Clinton. He said that he was joining the race for nomination because there was "urgent work" needed "to rebuild the truth of the American dream for all Americans." US 2016: Meet the possible candidates A few demonstrators gathered near his speech to protest against Mr O'Malley's criminal justice policies as Baltimore mayor. "He's claiming to be this saviour of Baltimore, but he's not," protestor Duane Davis told The Associated Press. Mr O'Malley has defended his previous "zero-tolerance" policies, saying that they helped tackle violent crime. Critics have said that they contributed to the distrust between the police and the local black community. Riots erupted in the city in April after the death of Freddie Gray while in police custody.
Canos gave Brentford the lead after 18 minutes, firing home from the edge of the box from Ryan Woods' pass. It was 2-0 before half-time as Vibe scored his ninth goal in 12 league games with a looped header over City goalkeeper Frank Fielding. The defeat sees the Robins drop to 21st place, a point above the relegation zone, while Brentford move up to 12th. Lee Johnson's side had moved up to 19th place thanks to back-to-back wins over Wigan and Huddersfield, but Burton's 1-0 win over the Terriers and Nottingham Forest's 1-1 draw with Preston saw them lose ground in the battle to beat the drop. Led by the in-form attacking trio of Canos, Vibe and Jota, Dean Smith's Brentford have now won five of their past eight Championship matches. They could have gone ahead after just two minutes when Romaine Sawyers stung Fielding's hands with a swerving 25-yard drive. However, City nearly took the lead themselves, with Aden Flint's close-range header going wide before Daniel Bentley saved well from his own captain Harlee Dean. Brentford took control of the match in an eight-minute spell, with Canos finding the net with an angled drive before Vibe reacted quickest to Konstantin Kerschbaumer's flicked lob to double the home side's lead. Robins striker Bobby Reid struck the side-netting and Matty Taylor drilled wide with the goal gaping late on, but City failed to score for the first time in four games. Brentford manager Dean Smith told BBC Radio London: "I thought for 70 minutes today we were excellent and played some great football. "First half we were in complete control and deserved the two goals and should have had more - we had a goal disallowed from a corner when there was nothing wrong with it. "I saw Bristol City beat Huddersfield. We had to be good and I thought we were." Bristol City manager Lee Johnson: "Second half we created more but we didn't start anywhere near well enough, and that's disappointing. We simply can't start like that and expect to go and win games." "The way we've been playing I just didn't see this coming. It's so frustrating because you know we have quality in the team but we didn't hold the ball upfront, our defenders were too deep and I felt sorry for the lads in the middle. "Once we retained the ball and changed shape at half
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who first came to power as prime minister in 2003, is seeking a big enough majority to turn Turkey into a presidential republic. However his hopes may be scuppered if the pro-Kurdish HDP crosses the 10% threshold and enters parliament. Explosions at its election rally in Diyarbakir on Friday killed four. Officials said the blasts were caused by improvised bombs. HDP co-chair Selahattin Demirtas criticised Mr Erdogan's response to the killings. Casting his vote on Sunday Mr Demirtas commented: "The election campaigning process was not a fair and equal race." However he added: "Hopefully we will wake up to a new and freer Turkey on 8 June." Polls across Turkey's 81 provinces opened at 08:00 (05:00 GMT) local time and closed at 17:00 (14:00 GMT). First results are expected late on Sunday. If the left-wing HDP succeeds in winning seats in parliament for the first time, it would reduce the number of seats won by Mr Erdogan's AKP, thwarting its plans to change the constitution and transfer the prime minister's executive powers to the president. A strong showing from the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) and the third-placed Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) could even force the AKP into a coalition, correspondents say. Kemal Kilicdaroglu, chairman of the CHP echoed Mr Dermirtas and called the campaign period "unequal". He promised however to "continue to work with a sense of responsibility". Turkey's current Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu shied away from accusations of unfairness telling reporters: "Whatever [the people's] will, it is a will that must be respected by everyone.'' The BBC's Mark Lowen in Istanbul says Sunday's election is the biggest electoral challenge for the AKP since it came to power 13 years ago. Growth has stalled, he says, critics talk of an authoritarian President Erdogan who has eroded free speech and burnt bridges with the West - and they are desperate for change. The result may have ramifications beyond Turkey's borders. The country is a vital Nato member in a volatile Middle East and a rare mix of Islam and democracy, our correspondent notes.
Jayne Hickey and her son Christian were shot when two men knocked on their front door in Gillingham Road in Eccles, Salford on 12 October. The gun was one of two firearms seized when a vehicle was stopped in Faulkner's Lane, Mobberley in Cheshire on 15 December at about 21:20 GMT. Two men have appeared in court charged with possession of firearms. A weapon has also been linked to a man's shooting in Ashton-in Makerfield, Wigan on 30 March.
Making them vote may halt declining election turnouts and could "kick start the habit of a lifetime", the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) said. In 2010, 44% of 18 to 24-year-olds voted, with the "younger and poorer" least likely to vote, it suggested. The UK risks "sleepwalking into a more divided democracy" unless there is reform, the IPPR's Mat Lawrence said. "The working class and the young have less input into political decision-making processes, with lower rates of participation and representation than older and more affluent citizens," the IPPR report suggested. Such inequalities undermined the "legitimacy and effectiveness" of democracy, the report claimed, saying it was unlikely the trend would be reversed in next month's general election. At the 1970 general election, the gap between the proportion of 18-24 year olds and over-65s who voted was 18%. However, at the 2010 general election, the gap had risen to 32% - with 76% of over-65s voting, compared to 44% of 18-24 year olds. "Long-run decline in voter turnout in the UK is being driven by the relative collapse in participation among the young and the less well-off - not by a uniform decline in turnout among all groups," Mr Lawrence added. "A distinctive non-voting population, generally younger and poorer, heightens political inequality by giving some groups far greater influence at the ballot box." The report comes after the voting age was reduced to 16 for the Scottish independence referendum, in September - when 109,593 16 and 17-year-olds registered to vote. Mr Lawrence said the high turnout at the referendum, as well as the rise of grassroots groups, provided reasons for optimism. Broadcaster and author Rick Edwards told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that he supported the proposal, saying "something drastic needs to happen" to encourage young people to vote. But he said there would have to be a "none of the above" option on ballot papers, to allow voters to express their dissatisfaction. "The problem is politicians are more interested in serving the interests of the demographic who vote more because they are interested in winning their votes and keeping their votes. "Therefore what is happening is that young people are getting marginalised and their interests aren't being served as they should be," he added. He said that if young people felt they were not being spoken to, or were not being paid any attention by politicians, they would be
Public policy researcher Dr Mark Lang said his study in Pontypool, Torfaen, showed real diversity within a single town. What this type of "deep place" research does is look in fine detail at different neighbourhoods and avoid generalisations with both stereotypes and statistics. He believes looking at economic data on too-wide a scale can miss entrenched pockets of poverty within communities, which on the face of it look to be doing well. "Pontypool is a real mixture of people clearly with little money and people who are relatively affluent, living in close proximity," he said. "Many of those who don't have a great deal of resources use the town centre while those who do have, tend by and large not to come here. As a focus of community attention, I think that's a shame." Dr Lang, who has published similar work about Tredegar, is hoping the approach can help create jobs and revitalise town centres. Pontypool is a town with a population of about 23,400, six miles south of the Blaenavon world heritage site. Its iron forging dates back to Tudor times and the "Pontypool front row" were Wales rugby stars the 1970s. Nearly 3,700 people live on the Trevethin estate, over the Afon Lwyd river, which stands on a hill overlooking the town centre, a mile away. More than half of those are in a part of the estate - classified as "Trevethin 1" - which all figures point to as being the poorest area. It also has the densest population and the largest proportion (28.3%) of under-15s. POCKETS OF POVERTY Source: All Around Us - The Pontypool Deep Place Study When looking at relative economic deprivation, Wales is split up into 1,900 different districts. "Trevethin 1" is classed as 35th most deprived in this often-used index. Three other districts in Pontypool come into the top 20% most deprived in Wales. Trevethin also scores 22nd worst in Wales when it comes to health factors. A total of 60% of housing in Trevethin is rented. There is plenty of visible work going on to improve housing by Bron Afon, the social enterprise which has rented homes in place of the council for the past eight years. Torfaen council, with £8.2m from the Welsh Government's Vibrant and Viable places programme, has earmarked money for housing improvements and regenerating town centre properties. This report points to the link between poverty and rent
Jim Murphy was responding to former Tory chairman Lord Baker's view that there could be a deal between the two rival parties after May's election. However, the Labour MP has not ruled out some kind of deal with the SNP. Mr Murphy told BBC political editor Brian Taylor that it was "disrespectful" to discuss political deals before the general election. On the suggestion of his party entering into a Conservative arrangement in the event of a hung parliament, Mr Murphy was very clear. He said: "We don't need lessons from Tory dinosaurs about how to run Scotland, what a ludicrous idea." Mr Murphy added that the differences between the Labour Party and the Conservative Party were bigger than "I have seen for a number of years". Writing in The Independent, Lord Baker of Dorking said a Labour minority government reliant on the SNP would be a "nightmare" situation at Westminster. He added that such an arrangement could "stretch the constitution of our country to breaking point". However, the SNP said it was trusted more than Labour to keep the Tories out. Asked if a deal with the nationalists was possible, Mr Murphy said he did not want to get into a "post-match analysis on an event that has not yet taken place". He told Brian Taylor during a half-hour webcast: "As I say, if the SNP want to vote for our policies in the House of Commons, it's up to them - some time they have done that in recent times, quite often they have sided with the Tories against Labour." Mr Murphy said he had no desire to focus on the "politics of pessimism" because he wanted his party to win government. The debate over coalition deals has arisen because polling suggests neither Labour nor the Conservatives would gain an overall majority in this year's election. If that is the case a coalition deal with smaller parties could be possible or a so-called "confidence and supply" arrangement could be agreed whereby the smaller party supports the larger party in key votes. During the webchat Mr Murphy was also asked about tuition fees, the Scottish independence referendum and his decision to fight his East Renfrewshire seat in May.
In a speech he said that he expected rates to rise over the next three years, reaching "about half as high as historical averages", or about 2%. But he added that shocks to the economy could change the timing and the size of any rate rise. Interest rates have been at 0.5% for six years as the UK economy recovers from the financial crisis. The Monetary Policy Committee will "have to feel its way as it goes," Mr Carney said in a speech at Lincoln Cathedral. He added: "Short term interest rates have averaged around 4.5% since around the Bank's inception three centuries ago. "It would not seem unreasonable to me to expect that once normalisation begins, interest rate increases would proceed slowly and rise to a level in the medium term that is perhaps about half as high as historic averages. "In my view, the decision as to when to start such a process of adjustment will likely come into sharper relief around the turn of this year," he added. His comments come a day after unemployment rose for the first time in two years. "That suggests the Bank's interpretation of those statistics is that unemployment falls are now being held back by skills shortages," said the BBC's economics editor Robert Peston. "And those skills shortages are also responsible for rising wage inflation." On Tuesday, outgoing MPC member David Miles, regarded as someone who is cautious about the impact of rise, surprised markets by saying it was "likely to be right" to hike rates soon. On Wednesday, Janet Yellen, the chair of the US's Federal Reserve indicated that interest rates are likely to rise in the US this year. That could be a few months earlier than in the UK if indeed the Bank of England were to move in the new year. If rates were to rise early in the new year, from the current all-time record low of 0.5%, that would be three or four months after the expected equivalent move by the US Federal Reserve. Now for those of you with big debts looking for reassurance that you are not going to be financially crippled by the increase, he has said two other things of note about the so-called Bank Rate. First typical interest rate changes, increments, will be typically much smaller than the half of a percentage point that they used to be before the
The picture sees 163 of this year's nominees gathered together and smiling away, but zoom in and there is a whole lot more going on. Here are just seven of the things we spotted in this year's photo. 1. Pharrell Williams didn't exactly dress for the occasion All of this year's male nominees are dressed smartly in tuxes and suits. Well, almost all. The "dress code" memo must have gone into Pharrell's junk email inbox, because he turned up wearing a green baseball cap and grey sweater. To be fair - the sweater does have the Nasa logo on it, a reference to best picture nominee Hidden Figures. Pharrell wrote several songs for the soundtrack to the film, which tells the story of three African-American women who worked behind the scenes at the space agency in the 1960s. 2. Michelle Williams is upstaged by Casey Affleck's facial hair Casey Affleck's facial hair is fast becoming the eighth wonder of the world. It gets longer with every awards ceremony he appears at this season. It's now on the verge of totally eclipsing poor Michelle Williams, Affleck's co-star in Manchester by the Sea, who has to peep out from behind his mane. She must be used to Affleck stealing her limelight. The actor appears in nearly every scene in the 137-minute movie, while Williams's screen time clocks in at 11 minutes. 3. The writer of Moonlight wants you to know how many nominations it has Tarell Alvin McCraney brightens up the back row of the photograph with his winning smile. He's the man behind the stage play In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue - which went on to become Moonlight, one of this year's most hotly-tipped Oscars contenders. McCraney is so pleased with the film's success he wants to let you know just how many Oscar nominations the film has received, and he is seen here holding up eight fingers. (There is, of course, another explanation. He could be making the "305" hand gesture - which is the area code for Miami-Dade county, his home and the place where Moonlight is set.) Also - hats off to Shawn Levy (who's standing next to Tarell), who wins the award for the most delightfully bright smile of the whole photo. He is the producer of Arrival, which is nominated for best picture. 4. Justin Timberlake needs to sack his tailor "What's your inside leg
England beat France 2-0 in a friendly at Wembley on Tuesday but do not play again until March. Hodgson wants to spend time with the players to keep the team spirit intact, after a run of 13 wins from 16 games since the 2014 World Cup. "I would like an afternoon or early evening with the players," he said. "We can go through a little bit of what we have done in the Spain game and the France game and see what we want to do going forward. "I am hoping that the clubs will go along with that. To be honest there wasn't an enormous amount of opposition to it last time around. "I guess with any luck we will get that afternoon but it will have to be discussed with the clubs to make sure they think it is an afternoon that is right for them because I and (assistant) Ray Lewington are full-timers and can go any time it suits them." England will build up to next summer's European Championship with March friendlies against world champions Germany in Berlin and Netherlands at Wembley. With injured players coming back into contention next year, Hodgson will add up to another four friendlies in the build-up to the tournament in France, which starts in June. "We are hoping to have at least three warm-up games, possibly four, in addition to the two in March so we will have games," Hodgson added.
In recent weeks, there has been an upsurge in campaigning comments on popular microblog Sina Weibo, where users are encouraging victims of sexual assault, domestic violence and rape to make their voices heard. Rape can be taboo in China and victims are often afraid to come forward. Domestic violence can also be stigmatised, and China only passed its first domestic violence law in December 2015. Moreover, women's rights activists in China have sometimes struggled to speak out. In 2015, five prominent activists were arrested, prompting international online campaigns using the #FreeTheFive hashtag. One of the biggest stories dominating social media in recent days has been the alleged rape of a female intern at a Chinese media company. Police in southern Guangzhou say they have arrested a reporter working for the Southern Daily newspaper. Two other interns have said they were sexually harassed by the individual. The #OnlineFeverThatJournalistRapedFemaleIntern hashtag has been trending for the past two days and social media users have been particularly interested in an exclusive interview conducted with the alleged victim by the Women Awakening rights group. Using the pseudonym Little Flower, she said she initially "didn't realise it was rape" and had thought of rape as "a stranger in the street... using violence, a knife to force you". She added that she didn't think much would come of the case, as she described her alleged attacker as "well-known". Weibo users have also been following an incident of alleged domestic violence in northern China. The hashtag #BeatenBecauseBoyfriendSuspectedCheating has been trending after images circulated of Beijing-based user "YuzuSama" with black eyes and bruises. After the images gained traction online, YuzuSama said she had been encouraged to go to hospital and to contact the police. Weibo users told her "not to be afraid" after she posted from the police station that her boyfriend had been arrested. She told users on 30 June: "When I saw him, I was still terribly scared." Thousands of female users have also been making their voices heard against other, more routine, offences. In the past month, Weibo campaigns including #ShanghaiMetroWolf, #NowAWretchedManOnChengduMetro and #TwoWomenMolestedonMetroLine13 have been trending, after a number of women decided to "out" men who had touched them inappropriately on crowded subways. In April, Zhengzhou in eastern China introduced its first women-only bus in an attempt to reduce the number of sexual assaults. The concept of single-sex transport is relatively new to China and
It comes after the special rapporteur on torture said some aspects violated the convention against torture. Australia detains all asylum seekers who arrive by boat, holding them in offshore processing camps. Rights groups have criticised conditions on Manus Island, where asylum-seekers are held. In a new report to be tabled to the UN Human Rights Council on Monday, the rapporteur, Juan Mendez, investigated allegations of torture and abuse in more than 60 countries. In Australia, he highlighted some cases where the authorities had failed to provide adequate detention conditions, end the detention of children, or prevent escalating violence and tension at Manus Island. This meant Australia had violated the right of the asylum-seeker to be free from torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment, the report said. The Australian government has rejected the report. When asked about the UN's findings, Mr Abbott told reporters:  "I really think Australians are sick of being lectured to by the United Nations, particularly, given that we have stopped the boats, and by stopping the boats, we have ended the deaths at sea." He said hundreds had drowned at sea as the people-smuggling trade flourished under the previous government. Mr Abbott said stopping the flow of people coming to Australia by boat, mostly through Indonesia, was the "most humanitarian, most decent, the most compassionate thing you can do". "We have stopped the boats and I think the UN's representatives would have a lot more credibility if they were to give some credit to the Australian government for what we've been able to achieve in this area," Mr Abbott said. When asked about conditions on Manus, Mr Abbott said: "All of the basic needs of the people on Manus Island are being met ... everyone's needs for food, for clothing, for shelter, for safety are being more than met." One of the allegations investigated by Mr Mendez is the intimidation and ill-treatment of two asylum-seekers after they gave statements about violent attacks at Manus. He found their rights were in fact breached. He also found that two government changes to immigration legislation risk violating international laws prohibiting torture. The report found violations in more than 60 other countries including in the US for the 30-year imprisonment of a mentally ill man on death row. It also raises alarm at the proposed deportation of several individuals from the UK to countries that engage in torture. Australia
The film, based on the fantasy game World of Warcraft (WoW), will open in China on 8 June, two days before it begins screening in the US, although it will be screened in various countries prior to that. The game sees players exploring a vast landscape, complete quests and interact with other gamers, and is known for its colourful array of monsters and landscapes, giving rise to its Chinese name "World of Magic Beasts". China is one of the biggest markets for WoW. The Chinese are estimated to make up about half of its five million players. One of the studios behind the movie, Legendary Entertainment, is majority owned by Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda, which acquired a controlling stake in January. But the decision is also part of an accelerating trend where Hollywood has been wooing China by staging elaborate premieres and tie-ups. The last Transformers movie was partly funded by Chinese backers and shot in China - though that ran into controversy - and the latest Star Wars movie was heavily promoted in China with publicity stunts and the appointment of pop star Luhan as an ambassador. The love story between China and WoW is one of perseverance, as the game's popularity has soared despite deep government suspicion prompting heavy controls, according to tech blog Engadget. Chinese players had to make do with a special version of the game with its violence, gore and even character design toned down. Skeletons were "covered up" with flesh, and even the colour of spilt blood was changed to a darker, less shocking hue. The government also insisted that a timer mechanism be built into the game to prevent people from playing it for too long, following widespread fears of internet addiction. Last year one WoW player reportedly collapsed and died after playing it for 19 hours without a break. Operation of the game in China was originally in foreign hands, but it eventually was bought over by Chinese company NetEase. But such obstacles could not stop its runaway success - part of the reason was the timing, as the game was first introduced China in 2005, at a time where online access and internet cafes were fast proliferating amid a booming tech scene. In a nod to its popularity, creator Blizzard Entertainment made a Chinese-inspired expansion to the game called Mists of Pandaria in 2012, featuring panda warriors and monk characters. In
A total of 177 roads have been lined up to be reconstructed this financial year, Surrey County Council said. The remaining roads in the Â£100m project will be dealt with over the following two financial years. Each of the roads will have "better, longer-lasting surfaces" and will be guaranteed to last 10 years. Work planned for this year includes the Godstone and Farnham bypasses, the Scilly Isles roundabout in Esher, West Street in Dorking, and Staines Road West in  Sunbury Common.
Media playback is not supported on this device There's an art to not exposing the weaknesses of your team, which is always your first priority Since taking charge of a side that won last season's Premier League title by 11 points, David Moyes has endured a miserable eight months. Clubs so often happy to leave United with a narrow defeat have boarded their respective team buses with landmark victories, domestic cup hopes have ended and, after midweek defeat at Olympiakos, the Red Devils' European dreams are on the same path. Moyes put his head in his hands as Robin van Persie ballooned a late chance over the bar in Greece. In truth, supporters could be forgiven for having done the same at a far earlier stage, such was the latest bland offering in a season in which one disappointment has quickly followed another. I still believe Moyes is the man to lead United in what would always be a tricky post-Sir Alex Ferguson era. What I did not expect was for so much to go wrong so quickly. Here are 10 Moyes mistakes at Manchester United: One moment which stood out to me was his admission he did not substitute Robin van Persie in the home defeat by Newcastle because of the potential reaction from supporters. So what? He would have made the change at Everton. He was once fearless, but suddenly fearful. Fearful of a backlash. Moyes should not care about what others think because he is at United because of his ability. He is good enough. He was the man chosen and now he has to believe in himself. I have spent time with him and he is a passionate, hard-working man, but that will count for little if he does not start believing in himself a bit more. This, I thought, would change. He was criticised at Everton for not beating the big clubs and, this season, in the head-to-head table of the league's top seven clubs, United sit bottom. They have just one win in nine games against those sides and five defeats. It just is not good enough for a United team. Moyes carries an inferiority in the big games and it is a big question mark. You can also point at the players, but couple a failure in big matches with the fact United will not win a trophy and not much has changed
David Warner and Steve Smith both hit centuries as Australia reached 371-6 in their 50 overs at Kingsmead. But an unbroken seventh-wicket stand of 107 by David Miller (118 not out) and Andile Phehlukwayo (42 not out) saw the Proteas home with four balls to spare. South Africa now have an unassailable 3-0 lead in the five-match series. Their 372-6 eclipsed India's score of 362-1 - also against Australia - in 2013. The highest successful one-day international run chase was also made by South Africa, who hit 438-9 - against Australia - in Johannesburg in 2006. Eight of the top 10 successful ODI run chases have now been achieved against Australia. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Mr Maskey took 70.6% of the vote in Thursday's by-election with 16,211 votes. The turnout of 37.53% was one of the lowest for Northern Ireland. In second place was the SDLP's Alex Attwood on 3,088, with Gerry Carroll of People Before Profit third on 1,751. The by-election was held after Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams resigned earlier this year to become a member of the Republic of Ireland's parliament. Brian Kingston of the DUP took 1,393 votes, Bill Manwaring of the UUP 386 and Aaron McIntyre of the Alliance Party 122. The result was seen by many as a foregone conclusion as it is the safest seat in Northern Ireland, and the fourth safest in the UK. The full turnout of 37.53% drops to 37.35% when spoiled votes are excluded. The previous record low was 38.75% at North Down in 1995. Mr Maskey, who is a sitting assembly member and a long-time Belfast city councillor, was also celebrating his 44th birthday. He said he was not concerned by the turnout, adding that people had been asked to cast three separate votes just five weeks ago for the Northern Ireland Assembly, local government and AV referendum. He said: "I am delighted to be elected by the people, they have endorsed Sinn Fein yet again for their Westminster seat." 'Strong legacy' Accompanied by wife Patricia and his brother, fellow Sinn Fein MLA Alex Maskey, he paid tribute to his predecessor as he vowed to improve the lives of people in a constituency that has some of the most deprived neighbourhoods in Northern Ireland. "This part of the city is moving forward and I will endeavour to be part of that and work tirelessly to do what I can for the people of west Belfast," he said. "I take on the proud and strong legacy of Sinn Fein party president Gerry Adams and look forward now to the challenges in front of me." Mr Adams presented his successor with a special hurley to mark the result as other supporters urged him to blow out the candles on a birthday cake. "It's Paul Maskey's night," said the Sinn Fein president. "Once again Sinn Fein in west Belfast has delivered and we delivered big time." Sinn Fein's MPs have not take their seats at Westminster because they refuse to swear an oath of allegiance to the Queen.
Irish fell to a 15th defeat of the league season against Sale on Saturday to leave them four points adrift at the bottom with three games left. Back row Narraway dismissed concerns at the spirit of his squad heading into the Premiership run-in. "It's the one thing I think we have in abundance, accuracy and being clinical are things we haven't," he said. "That's why we find ourselves here (at the bottom)," Narraway added. "Not because of the spirit or the want or desire not being there. "It's just that 5-10% in terms of accuracy that probably a little bit of confidence gives us," the 32-year-old former Gloucester, Perpignan and England player said. Irish face Harlequins in the quarter-finals of the European Challenge Cup at The Stoop on Saturday before their Premiership status will be determined in remaining games against Newcastle, Quins and Wasps. The fixture against fellow strugglers Newcastle at Kingston Park on 17 April has been described as "a Grand Final" by Narraway, who said: "Newcastle is huge, they're one place above us, one win above us."
Swimming is England's most popular mass-participation sport, ahead of athletics or cycling, but a 2016 survey found a drop in adult swimming numbers. The strategy - titled 'Toward a Nation Swimming' - aims for a "significant increase" in participation. This includes encouraging young people to try other types of aquatic sport. The strategy document cites six areas of focus: It details how Swim England will support its 200,000 members and the thousands of young people who take part in weekly swimming lessons, as well as the workforce that teaches and coaches them. Young people will be encouraged to try diving, water polo and synchronised swimming, and swimmers supported to reach their potential. Find out how to get into swimming with our fully inclusive guide. Jane Nickerson, who was confirmed last week as Swim England's chief executive, said: "Our vision is a nation swimming and our strategy sets out how we will bring together organisations from across the swimming, health and physical activity sectors to work towards this. "Leadership and support for our partners are key parts of our strategy and, as such, we have changed from a local delivery organisation to one that is more strategically-focused. 'Toward a Nation Swimming' is the first strategy that focuses solely on swimming in England. Click on the following links to find out more about swimming in Scotland, Wales, and Ireland.
The bid, to be filmed for a TV show, involves laying 74 miles (119km) of track from Fort William to Inverness. Love Productions, the programme makers, hope the "slightly bonkers" undertaking will be as popular as its Great British Bake Off. Engineers and construction workers have also been sought for the project. Construction is planned for two weeks over the summer and is to be filmed for Channel 4. The working title for the show is The Biggest Little Railway in the World. Producer of the project, Charlotte Armstrong, told BBC Radio Scotland's Out of Doors programme the new show would celebrate British enthusiasm for model railways. She said: "It's massively ambitious. We want to bring together Britain's model railway enthusiasts and all the different skills they have, but also local volunteers, engineers and people with construction experience." The programme would also celebrate a Victorian era idea to build a full-scale, working railway through the Great Glen. The full interview with Ms Armstrong is to feature in Saturday's Out of Doors, which is broadcast on Radio Scotland from 06:30.
Net profit came in at $2.9bn (Â£1.9bn) for the three months to 26 June, against a loss of $398m a year ago - a higher figure than analysts expected. Revenue for the period was $10.8bn, as a result of what the company called "strong corporate demand". The firm also forecast improved revenues of $11.6bn for the three months to the end of September. Intel shares jumped 5% in after-hours trading following the announcement. Analysts were impressed by the results. "The numbers just blew me away, I cannot see any mention of any problems whatsoever," said Phani Saripella at Primary Global Research. Intel is the second major US company to report its quarterly results following aluminium giant Alcoa on Monday, which also beat analysts' expectations. Some commentators now see these results as a sign of what is to come. "In a quarter where people expected relatively strong performance, [Intel] beat that pretty handily and set a good forecast," said Edward Snyder at Charter Equity Research. "This going to be really good for a lot of other technology companies, particularly enterprise. "It might be the case that this earnings period is so strong that it allays some of the fears about the broader economy."
Australian Browne stopped defending champion Ruslan Chagaev to win the title in Russia earlier this month. The 36-year-old delivered a positive sample for clenbuterol after the fight, his management company have revealed. "I would like to assure all fans, the whole of the boxing world and all of Australia that I am not a drug user or a drug cheat," said Browne. Sydney-born Browne was knocked down in the sixth round but floored Uzbekistan's Chagaev with a big right to improves his record to 24-0. He added: "I will fight for as long as it takes to clear my name. I have never heard of the drug clenbuterol and had no idea what it is used for. "I am now aware that it is essentially a weight-stripping drug and as a heavyweight boxer, the idea of me using it is utterly ridiculous. "My team and I were well aware of the many risks involved in going to a place like Chechnya to fight a reigning champion and believed we had taken sufficient precautions. "In addition, it was at our insistence that Vada [Voluntary Anti-Doping Association] testing was implemented for the fight." Clenbuterol is a powerful drug used to treat asthma, but it can also help build up lean muscle mass and burn off fat. The drug's growth-promoting ability has also found favour with beef farmers, particularly in China and Mexico. The fact that humans can ingest the substance inadvertently by eating beef has in the past put pressure on anti-doping rules, which deem the slightest trace to be a doping infringement.
Police were contacted at about 01:00 BST on Tuesday after the baby had been admitted to Royal Blackburn Hospital. The infant, who had been at a house in Infirmary Street, Blackburn, is in "a very poorly condition", a Lancashire Constabulary spokesman said. A man, 21, and a 17-year-old girl, both from Blackburn, were held on suspicion of wounding with intent. They have been bailed until 6 July. The boy has been transferred to the Manchester Children's Hospital.
His side are second in Group F, two points behind leaders England, and the visiting boss says they are only focused on a victory. "We expect an aggressive opponent and we have to be the same," Katanec said ahead of Sunday's World Cup qualifier. "We must concentrate on the second ball." Slovenia are unbeaten in the last seven internationals since a 1-0 loss to Turkey in a friendly last May, while the Scots lie second bottom of Group F after gathering only four points from four games. But Katanec insists he will not be fooled into thinking the contrasting fortunes will automatically give his side the edge in Sunday's game in Glasgow. "Scotland are at home, so they will be the favourites, but we want the win because, in this group, one point is not enough," he said. It is a match described by his opposite number, Gordon Strachan, as a must-win for Scotland, but Katanec thinks Sunday's hosts have been unlucky so far. "They are not as bad as their results suggest and some of the goals they have conceded so far have been unlucky," he insisted. Slovenia captain Bostjan Cesar echoed his coach's thoughts on the Scottish style. "They are aggressive all over the pitch, but they have good players," said the 34-year-old Chievo defender. "They tend to play long balls, so the second ball is going to be very important for us. "We expect a tough match." The expected attendance at Hampden is only 25,000 - less than half capacity. Cesar experienced the Hampden roar with Slovenia in 2004 and thinks it will be a boost for his side if the home fans stay away in numbers. "If the stadium is not full then that could be a plus for us, but we still have to do our thing on the pitch," he said. Cesar is hopeful of exploiting a defence that have shipped an average of two goals per game. "They are aggressive all over the pitch and have good players, but maybe their weakness is at the set-pieces because they leave too much room for the opponents to score at that time," he said.
Media playback is not supported on this device Carlos Tuimavave and Fetuli Talanoa tries and a Jake Connor penalty gave Hull a 14-12 half-time lead, Cas' Ben Roberts and Zak Hardaker replying. Connor kicked three more penalties and Roberts crossed again before Hull pulled away when Mahe Fonua and Jamie Shaul scored within two minutes. Greg Minikin's late try set up a tense finish but Hull's defence stood strong. Hull's victory set up a semi-final with Leeds Rhinos, while Wigan Warriors, winners against rivals Warrington on Saturday, face Salford Red Devils. The defeat was only the Tigers' fourth of the season, having won eight successive matches going into the game, with their last loss also coming against Lee Radford's side. The hosts had flown into a 12-0 lead early on when Tuimavave intercepted a pass to run nearly the full length of the pitch before Talanoa muscled off two defenders to cross. But Roberts showed fleet of foot to find a gap and score, while Hardaker touched down Luke Gale's smart kick. Connor's penalty kept Hull in the driving seat, and his kicks kept the score ticking over in the second, as Roberts once more found a gap to get his second try. But Hull took a firm grip on the match thanks to two quickfire tries, and although Minikin barrelled his way through down the right, Cas' handling mistakes throughout the match came back to haunt them. Hull head coach Lee Radford: "I'm very proud of my players. There were plenty of special efforts and that was needed. "This is the juicy part of the season, the excitement starts now. "Leeds will be a tough semi-final. I don't think we've beaten them in nine games so it will be a challenging and tough Yorkshire derby. But these are the exciting game to be involved in." Castleford boss Daryl Powell: "Obviously I'm disappointed because it was a poor performance. We didn't handle the start well but we battled back well and we thought we could resettle at half-time. "When we got in front, the way we tried to manage the game was crazy with offloads. "Hull were too good for us but we have an opportunity against these boys again in the season. They have beaten us twice now this season and we have to find a way to knock them off." Hull FC: Shaul, Michaels, Fonua, Tuimavave, Talanoa, Kelly,
The DSS agency says the raids were carried out in recent days and several judges were arrested. The Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) accused the authorities of carrying out a "Gestapo-style" operation, demanding the release of those arrested. President Muhammadu Buhari has pledged to tackle widespread corruption. Buhari's first year: Five ways Nigeria has changed In a statement, the DSS said: "The searches have uncovered huge raw cash of various denominations, local and foreign currencies, with real estate worth several millions of naira and documents affirming unholy acts by these judges. "We have been monitoring the expensive and luxurious lifestyle of some of the judges as well as complaints from the concerned public over judgment obtained fraudulently and on the basis (of) amounts of money paid." The statement said the judges were from the supreme, appeal and high courts. The names of the suspects have not been released. Reacting to the raids, the NBA called on President Buhari to "immediately caution all the state security agencies and to respect the rule of law". NBA head Abubakar Mahmoud told reporters: "We are not under military rule and we cannot accept this unholy event and Gestapo-style operation." Since taking office last year, Mr Buhari has vowed to tackle the rampant official corruption, which has stunted economic growth across the country, the BBC's Martin Patience in Nigeria says. As part of that campaign a number of former senior officials have been charged. But their cases have largely stalled in the courts. Widespread corruption within the legal system makes it extremely difficult to convict powerful individuals, our correspondent adds.
Colin Trotman, 46, of Wetherell Road, Hackney, and Reynold Dyett, 55, of Elderfield Road, Clapton, have appeared at Basildon Crown Court. The offences, which include rape and sexual grooming, are alleged to have taken place in Southend between July and November 2012. Both men deny all the charges against them. Julia Faure Walker, for the prosecution, told the jury the men regularly drove from London to Southend, where they bought alcohol for teenage girls before getting them to perform sexual acts. It was alleged they knew some of the girls were under the age of 16. Mr Trotman is accused of three charges of rape, two charges of sexual activity with a child and one charge of conspiracy to meet a child following sexual grooming. Mr Dyett is accused of four charges of sexual activity with a child, one charge of sexual abuse and one charge of conspiracy to meet a child following sexual grooming. The trial, expected to last up to four weeks, continues.
Sunderland said they agreed a three-and-a-half-year deal with M'Vila but "decided not to enforce the contract". M'Vila, 26, made 37 appearances for the Black Cats on a season-long loan last term before returning to Rubin Kazan. "Any player we bring to Sunderland must be wholly committed," said chief executive Martin Bain. M'Vila missed just one Premier League game as he helped Sam Allardyce's side avoid relegation last term, with Black Cats fans hopeful the club would sign him on a permanent deal last summer. However, the move failed to materialise on transfer deadline day in September, leading to M'Vila posting an Instagram message - which was later deleted - saying he had tried contacting the club to push the deal through. M'Vila returned to the Russian club when his loan deal expired, making nine appearances in the Russian Premier League this season. Sunderland had not announced they had agreed a deal to re-sign the player until they revealed on Wednesday it had fallen through. "I was contacted this week by Yann M'Vila's representatives, who advised that the player no longer wishes to join Sunderland," added Bain. "There was a three-and-a-half-year agreement in place, however after discussions with the manager we have decided not to enforce the contract."
Oliver Scullion died at the Hilden Brewery in Lisburn, County Antrim, on Thursday. It is understood the boy was crushed under a metal tank. His grandfather said: "Oliver was a beautiful child, full of life and enthusiasm for everything he did." The family announced the cancellation of a planned beer festival at the site. In a statement released on behalf of the Scullion-Hanna family, Oliver's grandfather Seamus Scullion thanked "all who are supporting us at this heart-breaking time". "It is difficult to come to terms with life without him. We will miss him more than words can express," he added. "Under the circumstances, we regretfully have to cancel the Hilden Beer and Music Festival, due to take place on 28, 29, 30 August." Oliver was the son of brewery manager Owen Scullion, who was also hurt in the accident. The family have appealed for privacy. The Health and Safety Executive said on Thursday that it had been notified of the child's death and was investigating the circumstances.
12 January 2017 Last updated at 12:52 GMT The lifelike robot was made to look and move like a meerkat but there was just one problem, to be accepted by the group he had to smell like one too. Hear how people working on the show 'Spy in the Wild' had to use poo to help him fit in. The first episode of Spy in the Wild is at 8pm on BBC1 on 12 January.
At an earlier hearing, Det Sgt Matt Swash, 41, who is based at March police station, admitted accessing unauthorised information about a colleague on a police computer system. At Cambridge Crown Court, Swash was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 12 months. He remains suspended pending internal police misconduct proceedings. Cambridgeshire Police said Swash would face no further action over other charges, including 11 counts of sexual assault and two counts of misconduct in public office.
Only time will tell whether he gets his wish. No-one should get too carried away, though. Britain has had only a handful of non-white cabinet ministers. Indeed, Mr Cameron's new cabinet, following his election victory in May, has just two minority-ethnic cabinet ministers. It is all a far cry from 1987, when four new black and minority-ethnic MPs - all Labour - entered the House, a symbolic and powerful moment for many observers. Paul Boateng had the most successful ministerial career, eventually making it into the cabinet as chief secretary to the Treasury. Much of the commentary focused on his being the first black cabinet minister and some speculated that he might rise to the very top. It was not to be. He now sits in the Lords. Keith Vaz rose to become the first Asian minister in the Commons in 1999. Mr Vaz's newsworthy quotes keep him in the public eye as the long-serving chairman of the home affairs select committee. Diane Abbott has a big political and media profile but has stayed on the back benches, as did Bernie Grant, before his premature death. The Tories at that time had no real equivalent representation in terms of black and minority-ethnic MPs. There was a lingering suspicion that the majority of voters from these communities didn't like the Conservatives. There was a damaging public row when a black candidate, John Taylor, was selected to fight Cheltenham in 1992. There was opposition from the local association and the campaign itself was marred by racist jibes. Taylor lost. It was the Blair-Brown years that changed the landscape at ministerial level. The Tottenham MP, David Lammy, was one early star. He rose quickly and, having been elected at just 27, he was immediately weighed down by the "Britain's next black prime minister" label. He didn't last but he has reinvented himself as a vocal backbencher and is in the mix to be Labour's choice for London mayor. Baroness Scotland, the first ethnic minority attorney general, was another prominent appointment. Then there was Shahid Malik, who became Britain's first Muslim minister in 2007. When David Cameron came to power in 2010, he brought in Baroness Sayeeda Warsi. She was the first Muslim woman cabinet minister. Her star burned brightly for a short time but she is no longer in government. Instead, she has carved a role as a critical voice, particularly on relations
The UK oil giant has said that fraud and false compensation payments are behind the escalating costs it faces. But Judge Carl Barbier ruled that there was no "credible evidence of fraud" or that the compensation process was tainted by conflicts of interest. BP said it continued to believe that the compensation system was being abused. Former FBI director Louis Freeh is investigating allegations of misconduct in the claims program. The oil company insists that the payouts should be suspended while Mr Freeh carries out his probe. In an emailed statement to Bloomberg on Wednesday, BP said: "As we await the completion of this broad investigation [by Mr Freeh], we continue to believe a temporary pause in payments is warranted. "BP is reviewing its options with respect to the district court's decision today." The Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion killed 11 workers and released an estimated four million barrels of oil into the Gulf of Mexico. BP set up a compensation fund, initially estimating the cost of the settlement at $7.8bn (£5.03bn). The company has since raised the estimate to $9.6bn.
The women, who famously appeared semi-nude in a charity calendar that inspired a hit film, joined Camilla at Buckingham Palace. They were joined by thousands of Women's Institute (WI) members, at least one from every branch. The duchess is a member of the Tetbury WI near her Highgrove home. She was joined at the party by three other royals, the Countess of Wessex, the Duchess of Gloucester and the Queen's cousin Princess Alexandra. Members of the Rylstone and District WI in North Yorkshire created the infamous calendar in 1999 to raise money after one of their husbands - John Baker - was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma and later died from the illness. Their story was immortalised in the hit movie Calendar Girls starring Helen Mirren and Julie Walters, and now Take That front man Gary Barlow is working on a musical based on their experiences. Mr Baker's widow Angela, 69, who has since remarried, was one of six of the original Calendar Girls invited to the palace. She was played by Julie Walters in the film, and was the piano-playing Miss February in the calendar. They all wore their trademark black dresses, string of pearls and a single sunflower - a flower Mr Baker grew before he died. "It's just brilliant to be here with these ladies, all these fantastic WI ladies," she said. "When we first did the calendar it was a big thing for me to do, John had just died and we were doing it in his memory and we've raised millions for (the charity) Leukaemia and Lymphoma Research. "We never thought we would sell so many copies of the calendar, we don't mind people having copied us, but we were the first." The WI was formed in 1915, a year in to World War One, to rejuvenate rural communities and encourage women to become more involved in producing food to help combat German naval blockades. It was inspired by an idea from Canada and was first founded in the Anglesey village of Llanfairpwllgwyngyll - famous for having Britain's longest place name.
Strictly speaking, though, it is not a tax at all. The government says it is simply removing the "spare room subsidy" which put social sector tenants in a better position than those in the private rental sector. Ministers argue the changes will encourage people to downsize to smaller properties, and in doing so,  help cut the £23bn annual bill for housing benefit, free up living space for overcrowded families, and encourage people to get jobs. But housing charities have warned that the result will be higher levels of rent arrears and greater homelessness. The government estimates that over half a million tenants are affected by the new rules, which took effect in April this year. More than half of those affected have a disability causing them "significant difficulty in one or more areas of the individual's life", the Department for Work and Pensions has said. The government predicts that savings to the taxpayer will amount to £505m in 2013-14, and £540m in the year after. What has changed? The new rules affect housing benefit, which is paid to less well-off tenants to help with rent. Typically claimants receive between £50 and £100 a week. But since April 2013 families deemed to have too much living space by their local authorities receive a reduced payment.  Under the government's so-called "size criteria", families are assessed for the number of bedrooms they actually need. Who is affected? This change affects council tenants, and those who rent from housing associations, who are housing benefit claimants. It does not affect private sector tenants who are already subject to certain rules. The government estimates that 660,000 households will have their benefit cut, roughly a third of social sector claimants. Only those of working age will see reduced payments. But there are some other exemptions too. Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith said the 5,000 approved foster carers in the UK would continue to receive rent payments towards an "additional room" as long as they have fostered a child or become an approved foster carer in the previous 12 months. And families with adult children serving in the armed forces will also be exempt from the changes, even when they are on overseas deployment. They will be treated as if they were continuing to live at home. How much have people lost? If tenants are deemed to have one spare room, the amount of
The 83-year-old has long complained at being named as prince rather than king. It had been expected that the pair would be buried together in a specially-designed sarcophagus at Roskilde Cathedral. The queen, 77, is said to have accepted her husband's decision. "It is no secret that the prince for many years has been unhappy with his role and the title he has been awarded in the Danish monarchy," the Royal Danish House's director of communications told the tabloid BT. "For the prince, the decision not to be buried beside the queen is the natural consequence of not having been treated equally to his spouse - by not having the title and role he has desired." Born Henri Marie Jean AndrÃ© de Laborde de Monpezat in France in 1934, he and the queen have two sons. Henrik retired from public life last year. The royal house said despite rumours to the contrary the prince wants to be buried in Denmark rather than France.
But you get to appreciate the area's natural beauty whilst wading across lily covered creeks and trekking deep into the forest, accompanied by birdsong. Welcome to the Niger Delta before the oil. "I'm on the plank now so walk right behind me," a guide said as we squelched across a muddy swamp trying not to sink in too deep. After walking for about an hour and a half from the village of Kalaba in Bayelsa state, I caught the first glimpse of an expansive tranquil lake through the trees. On the shore are shelters made of wooden poles draped in material. Every two years several families set up a camp at Lake Masi where they fish for just three months. "After preparing the nylon and woven basket nets we go into the lake and drive the fish into one area," Woloko Inebisa told me. "By fishing every two years we allow the fish to grow large. If we fished every year there would only be very small fish here," the 78 year old told me as two men in dug out canoes adjusted the nets inside a section of the lake that had been fenced off with cane reeds. Smoke drifted across the camp as women dried the fish over home made grills above smouldering fires. "I will use this money to pay my children's school fees, to buy books for them, to buy their school uniforms and to do everything for them," said mother-of-three Ovie Joe. When these families return to their villages they will continue to grow crops but will have raised some capital from the fishing season. "We have water for drinking and plenty of fish. But I'm not just here to feed my stomach - I'll save up money for when I go back to the village," Mr Inebisa said. Just a few kilometres away near Taylor Creek is a very different picture. An oil spill from June 2012 has left the ground covered in a dark sludge and the trees are all blackened by fire. Environmentalists believe local contractors often pay youths to set fire to the area where the spill has occurred. This can reduce the spread of the oil but has other detrimental effects on the environment. Despite extensive flooding late last year the oil has not dispersed and there are still signs of the rainbow sheen on the surface. Your ears also
Julie Parkin, 39, was found dead at an address in Kirkwall Close, Hylton Castle, Sunderland, on Tuesday. She taught at West Boldon Primary School. Head teacher Joanne Weightman said Mrs Parkin was "highly respected" and the school was "deeply shocked". A 35-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in police custody. Ms Weightman said: "We are deeply shocked and saddened by this tragic news. "Mrs Parkin was a highly valued and respected member of staff who was popular with both pupils and colleagues. "We are working with the local authority to offer support to students and staff and will  co-operate fully with any police investigation."
The court made the decision after a case was brought by protester Samira Ibrahim. She accused the Egyptian army of forcing her to undergo a virginity test after she was arrested during a protest in Tahrir Square in March. Human rights organisations say the Egyptian military has used the practice widely as a punishment. "The court orders that the execution of the procedure of virginity tests on girls inside military prisons be stopped," judge Aly Fekry, head of Cairo administrative court said, according to Reuters. The ruling was greeted by cheers from hundreds of activists inside the courtroom. Activists had demanded that the authorities prosecute anyone responsible for subjecting protesters to such tests. Earlier this year, an Egyptian general was quoted as acknowledging that the military had conducted such tests, saying that they were used so women would not later claim they had been raped by authorities. Human rights groups say such tests are a degrading form of abuse and the general's justification a legal absurdity.
Defence Secretary Ashton Carter said the deaths of Abdul Rahman Mustafa al-Qaduli and other members of the group's "cabinet" would hamper its operations. He gave no details about how Qaduli, an Iraqi also known as Hajji Iman, died. However, NBC News earlier reported he was killed during a raid by US special forces in Syria on Thursday morning. Defence officials said the troops landed in helicopters and lay in wait as Qaduli drove past them in a car. There was an attempt to capture Qaduli alive, but the situation escalated and the militant and three other people in the vehicle were killed, the officials added. The US authorities had offered a reward of $7m (Â£5m) for Qaduli. Using an acronym for IS based on its former name, Mr Carter told a news conference in Washington on Friday: "We are systematically eliminating Isil's cabinet." He described Qaduli as a "senior leader", who served as a finance minister and who was also responsible for "external affairs and plots". The ethnic Turkmen was born in 1957 or 1959 in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, which has been controlled by IS since 2014, according to the US. He joined al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI) - a precursor of IS - in 2004 under the leadership of the late Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, serving as his deputy and the leader in Mosul. After his release from an Iraqi prison in early 2012, he joined IS forces in Syria. Last year, some sources identified Qaduli as the second-in-command of IS, known as "Abu Alaa al-Afari", who was said to have taken temporary charge of IS after its overall leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was allegedly injured in an air strike. "The removal of this Isil leader will hamper the organisation's ability to conduct operations both inside and outside of Iraq and Syria," Mr Carter said. "This is the second senior Isil leader we have targeted this month, after confirming the death of Isil's so-called 'minister of war' a short time ago." Tarkhan Batirashvili, a Georgian known as Omar Shishani, died of the injuries he sustained in a US air strike in north-eastern Syria on 4 March, US officials said last week. However, the IS-linked Amaq news agency subsequently cited an unidentified source as denying Shishani was dead. Mr Carter said the US military had killed other senior IS figures in recent days. They included a man known as
Newly promoted Newcastle host Tottenham, while Brighton welcome Manchester City and Huddersfield visit Crystal Palace. Spurs' first game at Wembley will be against Antonio Conte's champions on the second weekend of the season. The precise date of games will be set once TV schedules have been decided. The league season is set to finish on Sunday, 13 May 2018 - a week earlier than last season - with the World Cup finals in Russia starting on 14 June. The English Football League fixtures will be released on Wednesday, 21 June, and Scotland's fixtures two days later. Questions have been raised about Tottenham's potential to perform at Wembley after a miserable run of results there in last season's Champions League, and Mauricio Pochettino's side will have a tough first test at their temporary home. The last time Spurs visited the national stadium was in the FA Cup semi-final, a game they lost 4-2 to this season's first visitors - Chelsea. But it could prove a tricky opening few weeks for the defending champions too, with Chelsea hosting Everton (26 August), visiting 2015-16 winners Leicester after the international break and then welcoming Arsenal (16 September). Arsene Wenger's Gunners have a chance to show their top-four credentials in week three when they visit Liverpool. Another early indicator in the race for the Champions League places comes in the following round of games, with Liverpool travelling to Etihad Stadium to face Manchester City. Europa League winners Manchester United do not face another Champions League qualifier until they visit Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool on the weekend of 14-15 October. English football's top-flight sides will face four league games in nine days over Christmas and new year, with eight in total from 2 December to 1 January. The final round of the Champions League group stage also takes place during that period, as traditionally does the fifth round of the League Cup. Arsenal welcome Liverpool two days before Christmas, while Brighton go to Chelsea on Boxing Day and Newcastle host Manchester City. West Ham make the trip across London to face Tottenham in the round of games scheduled for 30 December, with another London derby taking place on New Year's Day as Arsenal host Chelsea. There will be no easing into life in the top flight for those promoted from the Championship, with Brighton's first game in the Premier League at home to Pep Guardiola's Manchester City.
The chef from York, North Yorkshire, went missing on 18 March 2009 at the age of 35. It was recently revealed that four men held as part of the police investigation would not face charges. Speaking to BBC Look North, Joan Lawrence said: "I have no instinct whatsoever that she isn't alive". Her comments come on a legal milestone which states a person may be legally declared dead after being missing for seven years. The previously arrested men, who are all in their 50s and from the York area, were held last year as part of a review of the initial investigation into the case. North Yorkshire Police said up to 20 detectives and police staff had worked full-time on the review for more than two years at a cost of nearly Â£800,000. Officers believed the investigation had been compromised by the "reluctance of some, and refusal of others, to co-operate" with the force. Mrs Lawrence said she was constantly surrounded by "reminders" of her daughter, whatever she was doing. She said: "Sometimes I feel like I'm banging my head against a brick wall, but I get through every day. "There's somebody out there who knows something, but I have no instinct whatsoever that she isn't alive, I've had no cut-off feeling at all. "In my opinion she's being held somewhere against her will and I want people to imagine if it was their child, how would they feel?" Claudia Lawrence disappearance timeline About 100 police officers were dedicated to the investigation at its height, but the figure has since dropped. Martin Dales, a friend and spokesman for Miss Lawrence's father Peter, said: "It seems that we're all back to square one. "It's really quite depressing especially as someone is clearly withholding the information needed." A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said: "The investigation team will continue to thoroughly assess any new leads and information. "We remind those who we suspect are withholding key information about Claudia that we will not give up our quest to find the truth."
The Stags have an option of signing a permanent deal with the 22-year-old striker. Coulthirst, a graduate of Tottenham's academy, made just one first-team appearance while at White Hart Lane. The striker also had loan spells with Leyton Orient, Torquay, Southend, York and Wigan. Coulthirst will join his former team-mate Hayden White at Field Mill, after he was signed on loan from Posh a week ago. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here.
The UK's largest arena operator SMG was chosen in partnership with the largest international live entertainment company Live Nation. The decision was announced by Bristol Mayor George Ferguson at a meeting of the council's cabinet earlier. Bristol Arena, a 12,000-seat music venue, will be located at the Temple Quarter Enterprise Zone. The arena is part of the city's plan to regenerate about 70 hectares (170 acres) surrounding Bristol Temple Meads station and is due to open in 2017. The winning bidders will be involved in the design of the arena and in charge of operating, maintaining and managing it for the duration of the 25-year lease. Mr Ferguson said: "SMG and Live Nation will bring the combined expertise of two global businesses in delivering an extremely exciting programme of concerts." West of England Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) will contribute £53m towards the cost of building the arena, with the remaining £38m funded by Bristol City Council. Colin Skellett, of the LEP, said: "This is a project that Bristol desperately needs, it's been talked about for so long, and we will make it work between us."
The singer was diagnosed last year after two tumours - including one the size of a golf ball - were found at the back of his tongue. "You can imagine to get rid of that with radiation - the inside of my head has been cooked pretty effectively," he told the BBC. He added although his voice was fine, it will take a while "to heal up". "I can sing, I can talk - I haven't gone out and done the equivalent of trying to run 100 metres in the same way I used to sing before," he told the BBC's Colin Paterson. "I only finished coming out of treatment two months ago and the doctor said it will take a year to be better. "We've beaten that by about six months so far, but I'm not going to push things to prove a point." Iron Maiden announced in May the band would not be touring or playing any shows until next year when Dickinson will be "back to full strength". The singer said since he was given the all clear by doctors, he was now "looking forward to having a bit of a knees up" because "it's a good excuse to celebrate a wonderful thing". "I've been through what a load of people go through every day," he said. "There's thousands of people every day in the UK and around the world who have treatment for this kind of thing. In that respect the only thing that's special about it is that I'm quite a well-known person. I've been very fortunate. I've had a really good bounce back." Talking about when he was first diagnosed with cancer, Dickinson said the only symptoms he had noticed was a lump in his neck - cause by the second, smaller tumour. "I went to the doc and he went 'oooh that's a bit weird'," he said. "He took a scan of it, had a look, had a poke around, and went 'you have head and neck cancer'. So I went 'that's a bit of a blow' - but you crack on and you get on with it." Dickinson was speaking at the Silver Clef Awards in London, where Iron Maiden were honoured for their outstanding contribution to UK music. Other winners at the event - in aid of charity Nordoff Robbins - included Rita Ora, who was named best female, best male
Media playback is not supported on this device The Swiss, 79, is appealing to the Court of Arbitration for Sport after he was barred for a "disloyal payment" to suspended Uefa leader Michel Platini. Both men deny any wrongdoing. Speaking on the eve of Friday's vote to elect his successor as head of football's world governing body, Blatter said: "Enough is enough. I will always be a president." Fifa's 207 member nations will choose a new president in Zurich, Switzerland. In charge since 1998, Blatter had already announced he was quitting amid a corruption crisis. Five candidates want to replace him - Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim al-Khalifa, Gianni Infantino, Prince Ali bin al-Hussein, Tokyo Sexwale and Jerome Champagne. Media playback is not supported on this device Blatter, under criminal investigation by Swiss authorities for corruption, told the New York Times he had been treated like "the last of the gangsters in the world" and said his ban was "not logical". Blatter has not backed any of the candidates and said he will monitor the election in private. Asked about the legacy of his 18-year tenure, Blatter claimed he will be remembered for making football loved across the world. He pointed to the Paris attacks in November, in which bombs were let off outside the Stade de France as part of a co-ordinated attack across the French capital which killed 130 people and left more than 100 injured. Blatter referred to the two explosions being "only outside the stadium" and added: "So far, all these outlaw groups, they have never attacked football because they know and they feel that football is for everybody. "And no footballers have been killed while playing. I think football is something that puts people together that gives them hope." Media playback is not supported on this device
Turnout: 187,517 valid votes (48.9%) Second preference votes are only used if no candidate receives more than 50% of the vote. The top two candidates then receive the second preference votes from their eliminated opponents. See also our guides to: Dyfed-Powys is the largest police force by geography in England and Wales. It covers the counties of Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion, Pembrokeshire and Powys, with a population of more than 488,000 and policing more than half of Wales' land mass and more than 350 miles of coastline. The post of chief constable is served by Simon Prince, while deputy chief constable is Carl Langley. Neighbouring forces are South Wales Police, North Wales Police, Gwent Police and West Mercia Police in England. The force's total funding for the year 2016/17 is £93.3m. Average band D properties in the area will pay a precept of £200.07. That compares to £240.12 in North Wales, £220.06 in Gwent and £207.85 in South Wales Police force areas. There were 20,021 crimes recorded in Dyfed-Powys in the year to September 2015. That is an increased of 9% since the previous year. Incidents of violence against the person rose by 28%, although all police forces but one saw an increase. Recorded sexual offences rose by 53%, while burglary rose by 6%, vehicle offences fell by 24% and public order offences dropped by 18%. A recent inspection by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) said Dyfed-Powys Police recognised it needed to work with partners in order to prevent crime and reduce anti-social behaviour. The review found that it uses a range of alternative methods to divert offenders from the criminal justice system, and has invested significant resources into establishing strong partnership arrangements for managing the most prolific offenders. But it said there needs to be improvements made in the way the force identifies vulnerability and how it allocates crime for investigation.
The clubs agreed a deal for the Bury academy graduate in November and he became a Toffees player when the transfer window reopened on Saturday. Foulds signed his first professional contract with League One Bury in February and made two first-team appearances, both in cup competitions. He has also played on a trial basis for Everton's Under-18 and Under-21 sides.
The RFU announced on Tuesday that the Exiles had not met the governing body's criteria to be granted a new licence. However, Welsh believe they had satisfied the requirements. The club, who went into liquidation last month, say they will "deal with the ramifications" of the announcement before deciding whether to respond. A phoenix entity, named Rugby 1885 Limited, had been granted a temporary licence on 22 December to play their last two league games after Welsh went into liquidation, although the club were deducted 20 points. On expelling the club from the second tier, the RFU stated the Old Deer Park side were unable to provide a bond or show evidence they would be able to pay rugby creditors in full. Welsh said they had worked "very closely" with RFU chief executive Ian Ritchie, director of professional rugby Nigel Melville and legal and governance director Angus Bujalski in order to to meet the conditions. The Richmond-based club were a Premiership side as recently as 2015, when they were based at the Kassam Stadium in Oxford but were relegated after losing all 22 games. Welsh have suffered financial difficulties since then and had hoped to secure investment from a United States-based group, but that deal collapsed in November. Exiles coach Sonny Parker criticised the RFU of acting "through self-interest" and announcing the decision with "no regard to those impacted". The former Wales international, who is backs coach and team manager, said the decision to remove them from the Championship was made public before players and coaches were informed. "I can live with no licence but not allowing us time to speak to players and staff is unforgivable," the 39-year-old said in a statement on Twitter.
Margaret Loughrey, 50, from Bridge Street, Strabane, admitted a number of offences. She was ordered to pay £559 for damaging the driver's glasses and £200 compensation to the driver. Ms Loughrey's win was the largest ever jackpot win in Northern Ireland. As well as assaulting the driver, Ms Loughrey also pleaded guilty to causing criminal to his glasses and SatNav during the incident in his taxi at Chestnut Park in Strabane on 14 May. Ms Loughrey's solicitor said she had come to court with a clear record and had been drinking vodka with friends all night before the incident. He described her behaviour as shameful and said it was unfortunate her reputation was now blemished. The deputy district judge at Strabane Magistrates' Court said he believed it was a "one-off incident" caused by Ms Loughrey consuming a lot of alcohol. "You have had more advantages than most people in the last number of years, but they have obviously brought some problems," he said. "I accept you have made a major contribution to the local community, but you will be treated as anyone else will be treated coming before the court with a clear record."
But at one school in Essex you could probably not blame two of them for forgetting where they are for a moment. By day, Danny and Nicky Cowley teach boys physical education at The FitzWimarc School in Rayleigh. But in evenings and weekends, the pair are pulling off a "miracle" in the National League. Danny, assisted by brother Nicky, has led part-timers Braintree Town to the verge of the National League play-offs, above former Football League clubs Tranmere, Wrexham and Macclesfield. "Every morning I enjoy going to work, whether it's at school with the pupils or whether I'm at Braintree Town with the players," he told BBC Essex. "It's only work if you don't enjoy it and I love what I do. "I look forward to the summer, but we all know for football managers there's no such thing. You're normally more busy in the close season than you are during the season. "It's about trying to be successful and the only way I know to do that is to work hard." Since Cowley left Concord Rangers to replace Alan Devonshire 12 months ago, the Essex club have been on an upward trajectory. Despite criticising the National League schedule after four matches in 10 days and having to deal with a number of postponements, Cowley has won 22 of his 45 league matches in charge. Now all that is left to do to finish in the top five is draw against struggling Altrincham on Saturday. "I think we've been dreaming all season," he said. "I haven't got quite this far in the dream so I'm expecting someone to wake me up and I'm not quite sure how it unfolds. "It's important we don't get ahead of ourselves. The moment you think you've worked [football] out, it normally bites you on the bum. "A lot of people from the outside question how and why we are where we are in the league when you consider how many big clubs are in it. "Saturday's an opportunity to say we might be a small club, an unromantic name with average facilities, but we have really good players in that dressing room." Cowley has been here before. During his eight years as Concord boss he guided them to three promotions and left them in the Conference South. And he wants a team representing a town of just over 41,000 to show no fear as
First, will the Bundestag, the German parliament, back the proposed bailout, absent support from the IMF? The behaviour of Mrs Merkel, in forcing the Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras against his wishes to accept future IMF involvement in the bailout, suggests she believes IMF endorsement and involvement is the sine qua non of Bundestag approval. And if the Bundestag says "Nein", we are back in the territory of Greece careering towards the euro door marked exit and penury. Second, if the IMF is saying - as it effectively does in its debt sustainability update - that Greece is insolvent without a massive debt write-off, and a write-off that eurozone governments show no sign of embracing, can the European Central Bank in good conscience increase emergency lending to banks, or Emergency Liquidity Assistance? Now Greek banks have been led to believe by the Bank of Greece that the ECB would increase ELA by around 2bn euros either today or tomorrow. If this happens, it will be a significant fillip to the Greek economy. Because the banks are planning to re-open their doors in those circumstances - either tomorrow (now unlikely) or Monday. It would not be banking and business as usual. But some of the economically devastating effects of capital controls - most of which would be retained - would be limited. Here is what the banks will do if the ECB provides just a bit more emergency lending. First, the government committee currently approving - or more accurately not approving - requests by businesses for the banks to finance imports would have its powers transferred back to the banks. Subject to rules, the banks would then start to provide finance again to companies wanting to import goods and raw materials deemed vital to Greece's economic interests. Which means the twin dangers would recede of the economy grinding to a halt for want of imports and of a humanitarian crisis caused by a shortage of medicines and foods. Second, cashiers would start to receive cheques again, and people could withdraw their maximum of 60 euros per account over the counter, and not just at cash machines. To be clear, the 60 euro limit on withdrawals would remain, perhaps for months. And transferring money abroad would remain heavily restricted. But the banks could start to provide some basic support to the economy, rather than almost none as at present. But, to repeat,
Sarah Champion faced a backlash after writing in the Sun that "Britain has a problem with British Pakistani men raping and exploiting white girls". The Rotherham MP quit as shadow equalities minister and apologised for her "extremely poor choice of words". The Labour leader denied claims he had sacked Ms Champion for speaking out. He told BBC Manchester: "Child exploitation is wrong. Child abuse is wrong. It is a crime, and it has to be dealt with. "But you cannot blame an entire community, an entire nation or an entire ethnic community. You have to deal with it for the crime of what it is." Asked if he had sacked Ms Champion over her comments, he said: "Look, she resigned and I accepted the resignation, so, clearly, I think it's right thing to do and I thank her for her work." Communities Secretary Sajid Javid accused Mr Corbyn of stifling debate. The Conservative minister said in a tweet: "Corbyn wrong to sack Sarah Champion. We need an honest open debate on child sexual exploitation, including racial motivation." Business Minister Margot James said she was "enraged" by the Labour leader's "treatment of Sarah Champion". She wrote on her Facebook page that the Rotherham MP's comments "might have been hard hitting, but that doesn't make them any less true". The Conservative MP for Stourbridge added: "There needs to be a discussion about how we overcome the cultural attitudes towards women that have contributed to these crimes; and to the ways in which they were covered up for so long. "There has been a disgraceful history of shouting down brave Labour women MPs who have stood up to community pressures in Northern cities like Keighley (just google former MP Ann Cryer) and Rotherham in exposing these crimes, of which the appalling treatment of Sarah Champion is yet another chapter." Conservative former Children's Minister Tim Loughton said he did not know if Ms Champion had been sacked or not - but he accused Mr Corbyn of being "deaf to a problem that is happening in our country". The Equality and Human Rights Commission said it was a "real shame" that Ms Champion had resigned because of "over-sensitivity about language". Labour's shadow justice minister, Yasmin Qureshi, refused to be drawn on whether it was right that Ms Champion had stepped down. "I think you need to ask Sarah that question," she told BBC Radio 4's
Carla Lockhart made the comments at a meeting of the Public Accounts Committee, of which she is a member. Ms Lockhart also confirmed a DUP statement which said she had a relative in the non-domestic scheme. In December, Sinn Féin said PAC committee member Michelle Gildernew MLA had a brother in the domestic scheme. Mrs Gildernew was absent from the committee on Wednesday. The PAC has been running an investigation into the handling of the non-domestic RHI for several months. The green energy scheme was intended to increase the creation of heat from renewable sources. However, businesses were receiving more in subsidies than they were paying for renewable fuel and the scheme became majorly oversubscribed. The fallout from the scandal surrounding the scheme, which is approximately £490m over budget, resulted in the collapse of Stormont's institutions and the calling of snap elections on 2 March. Mrs Lockhart told the committee on Wednesday her brother-in-law had been a recipient of the heat subsidy since 2014, but she had been unaware of that fact until January 2017. She was responding to a request from UUP MLA and committee chair Robin Swann for any committee member with an interest in the scheme to declare it. Mrs Lockhart said as well as being unaware of her relative's involvement with RHI, she did not "help or assist with the application process". "My mother and father have poultry farms and do not have RHI and I can let any journalist see my bank statements and they will see there's no benefit from RHI," she said. Mrs Lockhart said it would be useful to know whether any committee member absent from today's meeting had any interest in the RHI scheme. The chairman said he would ask the committee clerk to write to all its members seeking the information which would be circulated to all the other members. DUP MLA Trevor Clarke asked whether this would cover any relative including one "three times removed". Mr Swann went on to thank members for their work on the inquiry. He said they'd managed to remain "apolitical" and had done "sterling work". He said the work was now in the hands of the upcoming public inquiry. The committee does not intend to publish a report on the work done to date.
The firm failed to meet a deadline to provide fuel tank safety instructions to airlines, among other issues, the Federal Aviation Administration said. Boeing has agreed to pay the fine and take action to improve certification. The agency said it "does not allege that these issues created unsafe conditions". "It is imperative that everyone complies with our aviation system's high safety standards," said US Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx. "This agreement is an important step toward ensuring that Boeing fully meets all applicable compliance standards going forward." The other violations involve Boeing's delay in addressing incorrectly shaped fasteners used on airliners, as well as production quality control problems. FAA administrator Michael Huerta said: "Boeing has agreed to implement improvements in its design, planning, production and maintenance planning processes, and has already implemented several of these improvements."
Hansen has made six changes as New Zealand play for the first time since beating Australia 34-17 in the World Cup final. Wales have not beaten the Kiwis in more than 62 years, a fact Hansen believes provides extra motivation. "They are desperate to re-write some history so that makes them a really dangerous beast I think," Hansen said. The Welsh run of 26 consecutive defeats against New Zealand includes three when Hansen was Wales coach between 2002 and 2004. He added: "They see us as the team they want to beat and you know there's enough history been written about how long it's been - and it's going to happen one day. "This is a really good Welsh side and it could happen this weekend if we don't turn up and play as well as we can." Wales were outscored by five tries to one in a 27-13 defeat by England the last time they played, and coach Warren Gatland has made five changes from that match. But Hansen believes the result was a reflection of Wales' lack of match-fitness rather than the quality of their performance. He also thinks Wales are adapting their game to match the greater speed of matches in the southern hemisphere. Media playback is not supported on this device "The northern hemisphere are starting to realise they have to change their game and we saw that against England," said Hansen. "They hadn't played for some time ahead of that game and for the first 30-40 minutes against England they played really well. "They fell away a little bit due to lack of game time in the second half so they have changed their game a little bit."
The California-based firm unveiled the five-seater car - its lowest-cost vehicle to date - on Thursday. Mr Musk tweeted the total reflected the orders received by the end of Saturday. Pre-orders of the Model 3 will not necessarily all translate into actual sales when the car is released, with first deliveries in late 2017. It can be ordered in advance in dozens of countries, including the UK, Republic of Ireland, Brazil, India, China and New Zealand. Potential car owners need to put down $1,000 deposits to reserve their vehicles. Such has been the interest that Mr Musk tweeted the company was "definitely going to need to rethink production planning". Mr Musk has said his goal is to produce about 500,000 vehicles a year once production is at full capacity. The basic model will start at $35,000 (Â£24,423) and have a range of at least 215 miles (346km) per charge. Tesla delivered 50,580 vehicles last year. Most of those were its Model S saloon, which overtook Nissan's Leaf to become the world's best selling pure-electric vehicle. But the firm still posted a net loss of $889m (Â£620m) for 2015, partly because it spent $718m on research and development over the period. It left Tesla with cash reserves of $1.2bn, down from $1.9bn a year earlier. The company is facing competition from other electric cars with a similar price and range that will become available first, including General Motors' Chevy Bolt and BYD's Qin EV300.
The offence referred to Aki's behaviour to and remarks directed toward referee Ian Davies during and after Connacht's defeat by Leinster on 15 April. The 27-year-old will miss his side's remaining Pro12 games of the regular season against Scarlets and Munster. Aki will also sit out Connacht's Champions Cup play-off match on the weekend of 19-21 May. The Kiwi can return to play from Monday, 22 May so he would be available to return for the following week's play-off final should Pat Lam's side progress. Aki faced a two-man disciplinary panel on Thursday via video link after a misconduct complaint was made against him by the disciplinary officer of Pro12 Rugby. He received a warning about his behaviour from Davies in the 76th minute of the 37-24 loss in the interprovincial derby and then further remonstrated with the Welsh referee after full-time. If Connacht remain in eighth place in the Pro12, they will face the English Premiership's seventh-placed team. If they were to win that game, as it stands, they would face the winner of the encounter between the seventh-placed Top 14 side and Cardiff Blues for a place in Europe's premier club competition next season. Aki will become eligible to play for Ireland under the three-year residency rule in October 2017.
The force has urged bargain hunters to refuse to buy illicit food, alcohol, fashion, medicines and beauty goods, which could contain hidden dangers. Make-up laced with paint stripper was another product highlighted at a summit being held in Edinburgh on counterfeit goods and criminal gangs. The event includes speakers from Interpol and US Homeland Security. Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill said: "Buying counterfeit goods might be seen as a victimless way to get presents for family and friends on the cheap, but many of these items will have a long back story of criminality, often involving violence. "However, the problem doesn't just lie with fake bags, perfume or alcohol. "There is a serious global problem in counterfeit medicines, machinery and engine parts which can be seriously damaging to people's health and potentially deadly." Mandy Haeburn-Little, director of summit organiser the Scottish Business Resilience Centre, said: "Everyone loves a bargain. But people need to stop to think about the true cost of fake goods. Can you be confident that those cheap cigarettes, perfumes and alcohol are actually safe? "However, it goes much deeper as those products are likely to have supported child labour or human trafficking or used to fund serious organised crime. "Illicit trade also hurts businesses in Scotland very hard. People choosing bargains at markets, car boot sales or on the internet impacts hugely on retailers and manufacturers - less genuine goods being sold closes businesses and puts people out of work."
About 1,700 people were asked for their opinions on proposals which were unveiled in June. They involved new housing, a business hub and expansion of Liverpool FC's stadium, creating up to 700 jobs. Mayor Joe Anderson previously said it was "shameful" there had been years of delays to improving the area. The plans, drawn up by a consortium made up of Liverpool City Council, housing providers and Liverpool FC, would also see the creation of a wide avenue through Stanley Park ending in a new public square. About 250 new homes would be built, with 296 removed to make way, and a 100-bed hotel constructed. Feedback from residents during a six-week community engagement project will now be considered as more detailed plans are drawn up. They will be subject to consultation before planning applications are submitted next year. Mr Anderson said: "People have given us invaluable information about the entire range of regeneration ideas and concepts which we unveiled. "In the coming weeks we will use this information to refine our proposals and to undertake another listening and consultation exercise. "We believe the plans are exciting and will deliver a massive improvement in quality of life for many thousands of people and be of major benefit to the city, not just Anfield."
Gerard Coyne, who is challenging Len McCluskey for the leadership of Unite, said his rival was "seeing plots all over the place". He said Unite should not be focusing on "the extreme politics of the left". Mr McCluskey claims a "cabal" of MPs are treating the leadership contest as a "proxy war" against Mr Corbyn. But speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Coyne, the union's West Midlands secretary, said: "Len is seeing plots all over the place and actually it is only him that has lost the plot in this election. "He is rattled, he can see it slipping away from him, and he is lashing out with allegations about involvement in this campaign." The battle for control of Unite, Labour's biggest donor, has become increasingly bitter, with insults and accusations traded between Mr McCluskey and Mr Coyne. Fujitsu rep Ian Allinson completes the three-way line-up, and voting ends on 19 April. Mr McCluskey is a key ally of Mr Corbyn, and has suggested the Labour leader should be given 15 months to turn around his party's performance in the polls. Mr Coyne said he would offer no such "shelf life", but added that he had not supported Mr Corbyn's bid for the leadership, saying: "I would prefer the Labour Party to be able to form the next government." On Sunday Mr McCluskey told the Observer Mr Coyne's campaign was being "run by a cabal of West Midlands MPs who are trying to abuse Unite's democracy by fighting a proxy war against Corbyn". He has also labelled his rival a "puppet" for the media and the "right wing of the Labour Party". Mr Allinson, who calls himself the "grassroots socialist" candidate, said the resources being spent on Mr McCluskey and Mr Coyne's campaigns should instead be spent on fighting for Unite members' jobs.
The League One champions have confirmed Leon Barnett, Ryan Jennings, Kevin McNaughton and Reece Wabara will be allowed to exit. Midfielders Chris McCann and Jordan Flores are offered new deals. Emyr Huws, Jack Hendry, Billy Mckay, Andrew Taylor, Dan Lavercombe and Danny Whitehead have all been out on loan but will return for pre-season.
The Tigers, who sit third in the Premiership behind Saracens and Exeter, suffered a shock loss to struggling Newcastle on Friday. "The team that played at the weekend was good enough [to win]," Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester. "We know that the players we put on Friday can perform better." Their next opponents Harlequins are only a point behind them despite having won two fewer games. Cockerill says Leicester have gone back to basics in training as they look to pick up their first league win in the three weeks. "We revisited some of those fundamentals this week in training," he said. "We have to work hard, get our mindset and attitude right. "In sport sometimes you don't play as well as you would like to and in a scientific world, sport is not an exact science."
They include Kazakhstan's Ilya Ilyin, a four-time world champion who also won gold in the 94kg category at the Beijing Games in 2008. The others are Kazakhstan trio Zulfiya Chinshanlo (53kg), Maiya Maneza (63kg) and Svetlana Podobedova (75kg). If all four are disqualified, Kazakhstan would drop from 12th to 23rd in the 2012 medal standings. Six other lifters who competed at the 2012 Games also tested positive after hundreds of samples were reanalysed. Among them are Russia's Apti Aukhadov, who won silver at 85kgs, Ukraine's Yuliya Kalina, who took bronze at 58kgs, and Belarusian Marina Shkermankova, who won bronze at 69kgs. Completing the group of doping positives are Azerbaijan's Boyanka Kostova and Belarus duo Dzina Sazanavets and Yauheni Zharnasek.
In the three months to February, sales volumes fell by 1.4%, a sharper slide than the 0.5% decline for the three months to January. That was the biggest three-month fall recorded by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) since March 2010. Fuel prices in February were 18.7% higher than a year earlier. "February's retail sales figures show fairly strong growth, though the underlying three-month picture shows falling sales as February's figures follow two consecutive months of decline in December and January," said ONS statistician Kate Davies. "The underlying trend suggests that rising petrol prices in particular have had a negative effect on the overall quantity of goods bought over the last three months." Petrol cost an average of 120p a litre in February, with diesel 3p more, according to ONS figures. However, the 1.4% rise in retail sales in February was higher than the 0.4% increase expected by economists. News of the month-on-month increase sent the pound higher above $1.25. Paul Hollingsworth at Capital Economics said the figures would give some reassurance that higher inflation had not brought growth in consumer spending to a halt. Inflation as measured by the Consumer Prices Index jumped to 2.3% in February - up from 1.8% in January, the ONS said on Tuesday. However, Howard Archer at IHS Markit said consumers were becoming more cautious as higher inflation squeezed their purchasing power. "The economy's persistent resilience since last June's Brexit vote has been largely built on consumers keeping on spending," he said. "With consumers now seemingly moderating their spending, the long-anticipated slowdown in the economy looks set to materialise unless other sectors can make significantly increased contributions." Fashion retailer Next said on Thursday it was "extremely cautious" about trading for the coming year as it reported lower annual profits. Martin Beck, senior economic adviser to the EY ITEM Club, said annual shop price inflation increased from 1.9% in January to 2.8% in February - a 60-month high. "How the year pans out will depend heavily upon consumers' willingness to draw on savings or take on more debt," he said. "Last year's retail boom looks set to become an increasingly distant memory."
Four of Mr Carmichael's constituents raised the case under the Representation of the People Act. They said the MP misled the electorate over a memo which claimed SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wanted David Cameron to be re-elected prime minister. Roddy Dunlop QC asked judges at the Court of Session to dismiss the case. He told the specially-convened election court that the petition was "irrelevant" and "bound to fail". However, Jonathan Mitchell QC, representing the petitioners, later told the court that his clients believed that Mr Carmichael leaked the information to deliberately smear the SNP. The court heard that this was to reduce the chances of a Scottish National Party candidate being elected in Orkney and Shetland. The case, believed to be the first of its kind in Scotland for 50 years, arose from remarks made by Mr Carmichael at the start of the general election campaign in April. The MP, who had been Scottish Secretary in the Tory-Lib Dem coalition before the election, authorised leaking a civil service memo suggesting the first minister had told the French ambassador she backed Tory PM David Cameron to remain in Downing Street. Mr Carmichael had initially denied leaking the confidential memo to the Daily Telegraph. He claimed the first he had heard of it was when he received a phone call from a journalist. However, the MP later admitted full responsibility for sanctioning its release, and accepted the "details of the account are not correct". Mr Carmichael was not in court for the hearing. His QC, Mr Dunlop, said Section 106 of the act forbids election candidates from making false and statements about their rival candidates. He stressed that a false statement of fact must be "directly related" to the personal character or conduct of a candidate. Ms Sturgeon, the leader of the SNP and Scotland's first minister, was not a candidate in May's general election. The QC said it would have been the "easiest thing in the world" for the Act to make it clear if a false statement could be about non-candidates. He also said attacking the political position of a candidate did not necessarily attack their character. Mr Dunlop said the case put by the petitioners "flies in the face of the authorities" and was "wrong in law". The QC said that if the petitioners were right then court would get a lot busier, as all that would be needed
The review follows the attack in the French city of Nice on 14 July which left at least 84 people dead. The government said that the measures may make attending the games less comfortable for visitors but they would result in greater security. The Games are expected to attract as many as 500,000 foreign visitors. "The attack in Nice is worrisome for us too. We will review procedures, make more barriers, more spot-checks on visitors and roadblocks", said Defence Minister Raul Jungmann. The authorities had previously declared public holidays and banned trucks from certain areas of Rio during the Olympics to ease congestion and improve emergency response capabilities. Rio's mayor, Eduardo Paes, said security would be beefed up for Olympic delegations from countries which have been targeted. Mr Paes did not give any further details, but the head of French military intelligence said France had been informed of a planned terror attack on its team at the Rio Games. Gen Christophe Gomart told a parliamentary commission in May that a "partner agency" warned of the plot by a Brazilian Islamist militant. The transcript of the hearing was made public this week. "Brazil is confident about its preparations. We are employing the most modern security and defence techniques", Sports Minister Leonardo Picciani told Reuters news agency. Earlier this week, Mr Picciani said the armed forces would get an extra $24m (Â£18m) to help them meet security needs. The military would begin patrolling sports venues from 24 July, he added. More than 80,000 police and soldiers will patrol the streets of Rio for the duration of the games.
Chester have also made their first summer signing, Solihull Moors striker Harry White, 22, who scored 12 goals in 2016-17, scoring in both of the Midlanders' two wins over City. Shaw, 30, will combine his playing duties with helping boss Jon McCarthy. Chester have also made an offer to coach Chris Iwelumo to remain. The club are hopeful that the 38-year-old much-travelled Scot will continue to combine his coaching role with his media work. On Monday, Chester announced six players would leave but offered deals to Sam Hughes and James Alabi. The club lost their last six league games of the season to finish two points outside the relegation zone.
A number of smoke bombs were thrown onto the field marring Forfar's abandoned Scottish Cup replay against Linlithgow Rose on Tuesday night. "I'm not entirely certain Scottish football can do anything to eradicate it," Donald told BBC Scotland. "These tiny missiles that are coming in are the size of a cigarette lighter." The fourth round replay was cut short due to floodlight failure at Station Park, with a "distraught" Donald stating he had not anticipated any trouble or pyrotechnics from supporters. "Had this been a higher profile game, we would probably have put measures in place," he said. "But because we'd already played once and it went off absolutely seamlessly, you do your risk assessment and we thought we had the adequate amount of cover. "We possibly could have handled it better and maybe we should have been more prepared, but I think when you sit down, do your analysis of the facts before the game, this is probably as low-risk a game as you could get. Media playback is not supported on this device The 42 SPFL member clubs met on Tuesday, with facial recognition technology mentioned as one potential method of identifying fans engaging in antisocial behaviour. "I'm open to suggestions from people - how would you control it?" added Donald. "If you've got 500-600 people in a contained environment and they're hell-bent on setting a flare off, you would need to have a steward for every three or four spectators to stop that, and that's never going to happen. "It's really regrettable and it's something that is happening more and more often. It's a wider problem that's becoming far too prevalent." Linlithgow Rose manager David McGlynn said the club would try to track down those responsible for throwing the smoke bombs, while club president Les Donaldson attempted to challenge the perpetrators at Station Park. "It's just shocking to think that a club who has tried so hard to go forward, to make facilities so good for every person who comes along to eventually be brought down by a bunch of hooligans who have no interest whatsoever in watching football, all they were there for was causing trouble," Donaldson told BBC Radio Scotland on Wednesday. "All I wanted to do was try to show solidarity with the stewards and the police and try to get these people to realise how they were letting a club down that has
The men - all in their 20s - "forcibly entered" the flats in Bannockburn Road at about 0200 on Sunday. One of the men was 6ft 3in tall with a muscular build and wearing a dark hooded top. Another also had a dark jumper or hoody on. Police have appealed to anyone with information to contact them. Officers said the assaults were unprovoked.
Team Pacific Rowers were taking part in a race between California and Hawaii when their vessel began taking in water about 100 miles from shore. Rower Sam Collins, 25, from Cornwall, said: "It's really frustrating because we are a great team and it is only the equipment which let us down." The rowers were airlifted to safety by US coastguards on Saturday. Mr Collins, Fraser Hart 34, from Tunbridge Wells, James White, 36, from London and Colin Parker, 36, from New Zealand, were taking part in the Great Pacific Race. The Pacific Rowers team set off on Wednesday to row 2,400 miles (3,862km) from Monterey in California to Honolulu. Former BBC Guernsey journalist Mr Collins said: "The first couple of days were great. Team spirits were good. We were getting used to life on the boat. "But the sea conditions were quite rough and worsening. "Then late in the second day, out at sea, we started realising that water was permeating into the cabin. "It just got worse and worse." The crew used an electric bilge pump to keep the problem at bay but the water kept coming in. Water eventually got into all the internal lockers and the boat was so low in the water that waves were crashing over it continuously, Mr Collins said. "The boat had been through severe testing but in some places it was permeating through the side of the boat because of the force of the waves," he added. The team called for assistance and a support boat reached them 10 hours later. But with waves of 20ft (6m) and gale-force winds, it was decided that the safest rescue was by coastguard helicopter. In darkness, a helicopter winched the crew to safety. "I cannot talk highly enough about the coastguards," he said. The team is now considering entering the 2016 event. "We are very disappointed, a lot of effort went into this," said Mr Collins.
The former presidential candidate is the former CEO of technology company Hewlett-Packard. Mrs Fiorina dropped out of the presidential race after a poor showing at the New Hampshire primary. She has been an active supporter for Mr Cruz, a senator from Texas, on the campaign trail. The early announcement is unusual because vice-presidential picks are not normally decided until after a candidate secures the nomination. "Over and over again, Carly has shattered glass ceilings," Mr Cruz said. He doesn't have the Republican nomination. He doesn't even have the lead for the nomination. In fact, he has no clear path to the nomination. But it looks like Ted Cruz will have a running mate. Naming Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential pick at this point provides Mr Cruz with several benefits. First, he can generate some positive press and at least partially move on from the drubbing he received at the hands of Donald Trump in Tuesday's mid-Atlantic primaries. Second, he positions his campaign to make a strong play for that grand prize on the horizon, the California primary on 7 June - a battleground that could decide whether Mr Trump secures the Republican nomination without a convention fight. While Mrs Fiorina's 2010 general-election bid for a Senate seat there was spectacularly unsuccessful, she did win her party's nomination and is a known quantity among the state's conservative voters. Mr Cruz has his back to the wall. He needs a win in Indiana, and he really needs a strong performance in California. Mrs Fiorina on the ticket could help - and at this point, anything that might work is worth a shot. Mrs Fiorina could help Mr Cruz in his battle against front-runner Donald Trump, who has made disparaging comments about women - including her. "Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?" he said. Mrs Fiorina responded: "I think women all over this country heard very clearly what Mr Trump said." Mr Cruz alluded to this exchange in introducing Mrs Fiorina in Indiana, saying she handled it with "grace and class". While at Hewlett-Packard, Mrs Fiorina laid off 30,000 people and was fired by the company's board, though she has argued that her leadership "saved" the company. She also had a failed bid for a California Senate seat. Donald Trump's son Eric Trump called the move desperate. While addressing the
The men are loyal to South Sudan's sacked Vice-President Riek Machar and crossed into the country with him in August following intense violence in the South Sudan's capital, Juba. The 750 men have been disarmed and cared for by the UN mission. But Congolese officials say they are now a security risk. They are being housed in UN camps in the volatile east of DR Congo, near the city of Goma in North Kivu province. The demand from DR Congo's government that the men be removed comes after a protest in Goma last Friday. The South Sudanese fighters have not been in any reported trouble since their arrival. But residents say they fear a repeat of the fallout of the 1994 genocide in Rwanda when perpetrators of the mass killings set up base in eastern DR Congo. "In April 1994, the population of North Kivu lived up to their legendary hospitality by welcoming Rwandan refugees," Jean Paul Lumbu Lumbu, an activist in Goma, said. "Unfortunately, the same refugees turned into those FDLR rebels and became executioners of North Kivu residents. That is why we deeply fear the gathering of South Sudanese rebels into camps." Correspondents say locals in Goma also fear the government of South Sudan, under President Salva Kiir, may exercise a "right of pursuit" across the border, exposing them to fresh conflict. The UN has confirmed that it has been contacted about the issue but has not commented on whether it will acting on the request to remove them by 10 October. Fighting between rival forces in Juba in July left hundreds of people dead less than a year after a peace deal was signed in South Sudan. Mr Machar, who had joined a unity government in April, was also aided by the UN in DR Congo and is now in residence in Sudan's capital, Khartoum. More on South Sudan's crisis:
The new rules - known as the Mortgage Market Review (MMR) - came into effect at the end of April. It meant home loan applicants had to give more details about their income and outgoings during longer mortgage application interviews. Lenders are reporting a steady rise in first-time buyers despite the changes. There were 28,600 loans given to first-time buyers in June, a rise of 7.1% on the previous month and 18.7% higher than in June 2013, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML). In the second quarter of the year, first-time buyers borrowed an average of Â£122,000, up from Â£118,750 in the first three months of the year. They typically borrowed 3.46 times their income, up from 3.43 times their income in the previous quarter. "For the second month running since new FCA rules took effect, lending characteristics remain similar to the market beforehand," said Paul Smee, director general of the CML. "We now feel confident that, as we would hope, the MMR effect is more gentle dampener than hard brake." Under the new rules, potential borrowers have to give evidence to the lender about the funds in their personal budget. This could include regular payments for haircuts, gambling and club subscriptions and deliveries, to holidays, travel season tickets and childcare. Borrowers might also be expected to say if their financial position is expected to change. That could include any predicted changes in income or working hours, but might also include any plans to have children in the near future. Some brokers and estate agents have said the process of a mortgage application can take longer now. "Those who are lucky enough to be buying with cash have the best choice in the marketplace. The new mortgage rules will hamper those who need to borrow, as they are constrained by what they can afford and the length of time it will take," said Hugo Thistlethwayte, managing director of buying agency Prime Purchase. Overall, the CML said that there were 60,500 mortgages advanced for house purchases in June. This was a rise of 5.4% on the previous month and 14.6% up on June 2013. Low interest rates and a recovering economy have both assisted the pick-up in the housing market in many parts of the country, commentators have said. A survey by Aviva, published on Monday, suggested that people buying a home in the last year typically spent 33
Jose Cuervo has taken control of the brand as part of a deal with Diageo. Diageo's Colin O'Brien said while the sale represented a "change", they were "confident" that Jose Cuervo would "nurture" Bushmills in the future. Jose Cuervo is owned by the Mexico-based Beckmann family. Their distribution firm, Proximo, controls a number of premium whiskey and rum brands. The chief executive of Jose Cuervo, Juan Domingo Beckmann, described the acquisition as the "most important purchase made by Cuervo in its entire history". "Like Bushmills Irish Whiskey, Jose Cuervo is built on a very strong tradition of quality and craftsmanship that dates back over 250 years, so we understand the importance of nurturing and protecting the heritage and quality of a brand and are strongly committed to doing exactly that with Bushmills," he said. "Bushmills Irish Whiskey will be in very safe hands." Mr Beckmann added that no jobs would be lost at Bushmills as a result of the acquisition. Mr O'Brien said Bushmills Irish Whiskey was a brand built on "great history, heritage and passionate people" and had been a "cherished part of the Diageo family" for more than nine years. "During this time we have invested over Â£80m to build capacity, infrastructure and maturing inventory at the distillery, which has supported the continued growth of the brand," he said. Irish whiskey has been a growth category in the United States in recent years. Growth was initially sparked by a big investment made by Pernod Ricard in the marketing of its Jameson brand. In 2011, the US-based maker of Jim Beam whiskey bought the Cooley distillery in County Louth for $95m (Â£59.45m). Bushmills Distillery claims to be the oldest licensed distillery in the world. Distillation has taken place there since at least the 17th century. It has not been locally-owned for many years. Prior to being bought by Diageo in 2005 it was owned by Pernod Ricard.
Slogans were painted on the monument at White Brae, Ligoniel, on the outskirts of north Belfast and two wreaths were removed. The monument is a tribute to teenage brothers John and Joseph McCaig, and their colleague Dougald McCaughey, 23. The off-duty fusiliers were shot dead at the site by the IRA in March 1971. James Wright, chairman of Oldpark and Cavehill branch of the Royal British Legion, said: "Just like the cowards who in the dead of night murdered John, Joe and Dougald, these lowlife cowards cannot show their faces, they have to carry out their attacks under the cover of darkness. "As a branch we will not be deterred in ensuring that the murder of these young soldiers who were off-duty and out socialising in Belfast will never be forgotten." Sinn FÃ©in councillor for north Belfast, Gerry McCabe, also condemned the latest incident. "The ongoing attacks on this memorial must stop.  They have gone on too long," he said. "The actions of those involved in this are not representative of the people of this community and whoever is behind this should question what they are achieving."
Albinism is an inherited condition that results in the absence, or near absence, of pigmentation in the eyes, skin and hair. Many people living with albinism are subject to negative public attitudes, persecution and violence. Dingwall's project began with portraits of Thando Hopa, a legal prosecutor using her visibility to address the negative perceptions surrounding albinism. More recent work features Sanele Xaba, a young model with albinism, and uses specific elements to create symbolic meanings. "They are not about race or fashion, but about perception, and what we subjectively perceive as beautiful," says Dingwall. "I wanted to create a series of images that resonate with humanity and make people question what is beautiful. "To me diversity is what makes humanity interesting and beautiful." Drawing on elements from nature, Dingwall aims to alter the viewer's perspective. "The butterfly unquestioningly embraces the changes of their environment and their body," says the photographer. "For this reason, butterflies have become symbols of growth, surrender, transition, celebration, resurrection and fragility." In images such as Cerasinus and Indicum, Dingwall paints with light, using bold colours that neutralise the perception of skin tone. Albinism is particularly prevalent in Tanzania, with one in 1,400 affected, according to a 2006 BMC Public Health report. This compares with one in 20,000 in Western countries. Since 2000, at least 75 people with albinism have been killed in targeted attacks in Tanzania. Many are killed because potions made from their body parts are believed to bring good luck and wealth. All photos: Justin Dingwall
The report said cutting the higher rate from 40% to 30% would bring in about £500m extra a year after 10 years. The higher rate is currently paid on annual taxable income of between £43,001 and £150,000. Control over income tax is due to be split between UK and Welsh ministers, once an agreement can be reached. The report, by Prof James Foreman-Peck and Dr Peng Zhou, assumed no change in England's tax rates. Although they predicted tax income in Wales could fall in the first three years after a cut, the authors said receipts should rise in the longer term as high earners find it worthwhile to move from England. "The encouragement to some households to immigrate, increasing Welsh taxable income, is greater than the revenue lost from the reduction in the rate", the report said. For the top earners with income of more than £150,000 a year - about one in 100 UK residents - a cut in the additional 45% rate should also boost tax income in Wales, it added. But the report said cutting the basic 20% rate would not boost migration sufficiently to make up for the lost revenue from existing taxpayers in Wales. Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he would like to see a 5p cut in the higher 40% rate of tax and a 2p cut in the basic 20% rate, although the party's manifesto for May's assembly election did not include these figures. He said this research "reignites the debate about tax devolution", adding: "A Welsh Government with the courage to cut income tax rates could reinvigorate the Welsh economy, whist offering welcome support to hardworking families."
She has lost her British citizenship and exclusion is expected to follow, meaning she cannot travel to the UK. Ms Chapman was among 10 Russians arrested in the US who admitted to being agents for a foreign country. Last week her lawyer said she would like to come to the UK as she has a UK passport through a previous marriage. Russia agreed to exchange four US spies for the 10 Russian agents and the swap was carried out in Vienna on 9 July. Ms Chapman, who is also known as Anya Kushchenko, is the daughter of a Russian diplomat. Until the Home Office's decision, she had dual Russian-UK nationality. BBC home affairs correspondent Andy Tighe said Ms Chapman became the best-known of the Russian spy ring after details and photographs from her Facebook entry were picked up by newspapers around the world. He said her lawyers were handed a letter formally revoking her citizenship and she was told her passport was no longer valid. It is understood steps are also being taken to permanently exclude Ms Chapman from travelling to the UK in the future, our correspondent said. Earlier this month, Briton Alex Chapman, 30, from Bournemouth, Dorset, talked to a newspaper about his four-year marriage to the 28-year-old Russian. He said they had met at a party in London in 2002 and married five months later. He said she changed dramatically during the marriage, and by the end was having "secretive" meetings with "Russian friends". Ms Chapman did not seek to conceal her Russian identity when she arrived in New York from Moscow in February 2010, saying she wanted to build up a recruitment agency targeting young professionals in both cities. But following the Vienna spy swap, a Home Office spokesperson had said they were reviewing Ms Chapman's passport situation. Russian agents' all-American lives Viewpoint: Life after spying 'Russian spy suspect was my wife' "The home secretary has the right to deprive dual nationals of their British citizenship where she considers that to do so would be conducive to the public good. This case is under urgent consideration," the spokesperson said. Shadow home secretary Alan Johnson had said it "cannot be in our interests" to let Ms Chapman settle in the UK. The BBC's Dominic Casciani said only half a dozen people have been stripped of British citizenship since the law was introduced in 2002. The law was
Chelsea Manning, whose sentence was commuted by the outgoing president, thanked him "for giving me a chance". The 29-year-old transgender soldier, born Bradley Manning, gave embarrassing documents to Wikileaks in 2010. At President Obama's final press conference on Wednesday, he declared that "justice has been served". She will be freed from the Fort Leavenworth military prison in May - 29 years ahead of her scheduled release in 2045. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange weighed in on Thursday, insisting that he would stand by his offer to be extradited to the US as long as his rights were protected. Mr Assange, who agreed to be extradited to the US if Mr Obama granted clemency to Manning, has been holed up at the Ecuadorian embassy in London since 2012. The Australian national sought refuge there to avoid extradition to Sweden, where he is wanted for questioning in relation to an alleged sex offence. "I stand by everything I said including the offer to go to the United States if Chelsea Manning's sentence was commuted," he said in a live online audio news conference on Thursday. "It's not going to be commuted (until) May. We can have many discussions to that point," he added. The White House said Manning's commutation had not been influenced in any way by Mr Assange's offer, and the US justice department has not indicted Mr Assange nor publicly sought his extradition. Obama says justice is served Viewpoint: Obama got it right Mr Obama's last-minute commutation quickly drew criticism from Republican circles. A spokesman for president-elect Donald Trump said he "is troubled by this action. It's disappointing and it sends a very troubling message when it comes to the handling of classified information". Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan called the decision "outrageous". "Chelsea Manning's treachery put American lives at risk and exposed some of our nation's most sensitive secrets," Mr Ryan said. Manning does not have access to the internet, as part of the condition of her imprisonment. However despite that, she has been tweeting from @xychelsea since April 2015. In a handwritten letter she released to explain her social media use, she told how she calls a friend on the phone who transcribes what she says "verbatim". Her thank you was addressed to @BarackObama, rather than the President's official @POTUS Twitter account, which Mr Obama will hand over to Mr Trump on Friday when he officially becomes
But the town, in northern China's Hebei province, is actually devoted to waste recycling. Mountains of glass bottles and scraps of plastic crowd every available space. Sitting in the middle of it all is a boarding school. Not one for the wealthy but, like many boarding schools in China, a school for the sons and daughters of local farmers and migrant workers. Poor families send their children here, hoping they'll get an education that will elevate them above the grime and dirt pervading this place. The Zhang family sent their teenage son there after a visit from recruiters. "We were told the school was one of the best out here. It was supposed to have military-style discipline and good teachers," Mr Zhang explains. Those were empty promises, they now say. Last December, a teacher at the school - a man named Li Jian - was sent to prison. For years, he had abused the Zhangs' son and several other teenage boys.  We've changed the family's name to protect the boy's identity. Li Jian admitted to forcing the students back to his home. There, they were bound and gagged, tortured and raped, a court heard. Li Jian threatened his victims with death if they told anyone what took place in his apartment. As the abuse stretched on, the boy became extremely depressed. "He used to cry and refuse to return to school," his mother remembers. "At first, we didn't understand why. My husband became very angry. But now we know. Our son was suffering." Eventually, the boy became the first to speak up. "The situation was getting worse so I told my parents," he whispers. "But the memories still haunt me." Li Jian, the teacher, was in charge of discipline at the school. In court, the boys testified that Li would pick on the students who made mistakes during the school's morning exercise drills. Those are the ones he would bring back to his home for "extra instruction". Li received a prison sentence of two years and 10 months. China has no laws banning male rape over the age of 14. The victims could not prove the sexual abuse started before they were 14, so the court only found Li Jian guilty of detaining his students. Frustrated with China's piecemeal child abuse laws, the victim's families are appealing for a harsher punishment. They're pushing Li Jian to pay compensation so
The requiem mass was held at St Mary's Church on the Melmount Road. The teenager who died in a water-filled quarry in County Tyrone is the third member of his extended family to die in a drowning tragedy. The body of Rhys Jack was recovered from the disused quarry in the Backtown area of Strabane on Tuesday afternoon. Parish priest, Father Michael Doherty, said both of the teenager's parents had lost family members through drowning. His mother lost her five-year-old brother about 40 years ago, while his father's uncle drowned in recent years. Father Doherty has been with members of the Jack family since the tragedy began to unfold on Monday evening. The 17-year-old was in the quarry with three teenage friends when they fell into the water from a makeshift raft. His three friends, who were later rescued, had frantically tried to save him. Father Doherty told BBC Radio Ulster's Evening Extra programme that Rhys's parents, Elaine and Mark, identified his body at the quarry shortly after it was recovered by search teams. He said: "They knew over the past day, or from about eight o'clock last night (20:00 BST) that although they would have liked to have thought there was a chance he would be still alive, they knew that he was gone and their hope was that the body would be found sooner rather than later." The priest said that their "deep sadness" at losing their son was mixed with "relief". He explained that the corpse of Elaine Jack's young brother had never been found, so they were relieved that Rhys's body had been recovered. He also said it was his understanding that Mark Jack's uncle had drowned in the River Finn a number of years ago. Father Doherty was the Jack family's parish priest and had baptised Rhys 17 years ago. He was also a chaplain at the teenager's school. The priest said the three friends who had tried to save Rhys were "traumatised and upset". He described the atmosphere in Rhys's school as "subdued" and said staff had tried to make special arrangements for those taking exams.
The away side had taken the lead two minutes before half-time with a penalty courtesy of Kieran Agard. The Dons will feel hard done by after being the better team for much of the game, which saw them denied by post, bar and a fine display by Robins keeper Lawrence Vigouroux. The home side almost took the lead in the second minute, with a ball chipped into the box by Conor Thomas but George Williams was able to clear for the visitors. In the 29th minute the Robins had a penalty claim of their own, Nicky Ajose went to the floor following a challenge from Williams but the referee waved play on. Two minutes before the break Ben Reeves was brought down in the area by Charlie Colkett, Agard put the ball to the right, and although Vigouroux dived the right way was unable to get a hand to it. Obika rescued a draw with virtually the last kick of the game when he raced clear and slotted home. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Swindon Town 1, MK Dons 1. Second Half ends, Swindon Town 1, MK Dons 1. Corner,  Swindon Town. Conceded by George Baldock. Attempt missed. Ed Upson (MK Dons) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Dean Lewington (MK Dons) is shown the yellow card. Bradley Barry (Swindon Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Dean Lewington (MK Dons). Charlie Colkett (Swindon Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Charlie Colkett (Swindon Town). George Baldock (MK Dons) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Goal!  Swindon Town 1, MK Dons 1. Jonathan Obika (Swindon Town) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom left corner. Attempt missed. Ed Upson (MK Dons) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Substitution, MK Dons. Callum Brittain replaces Harvey Barnes. Foul by Raphael Rossi Branco (Swindon Town). Harvey Barnes (MK Dons) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Swindon Town. Conceded by Joe Walsh. Attempt saved. Conor Thomas (Swindon Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Attempt missed. Nicky Ajose (Swindon Town) right footed shot from outside the box misses to
The Independent Schools Council (ISC) says if the government pays £5,550 per place - the cost in the state system - the schools will cover the rest. This is expected to cost up to £80m. Some pupils would be tested for academic ability but the scheme would not just target the brightest children. Chief inspector of schools Sir Michael Wilshaw said the plan was not enough. The proposal, originally seen by the BBC and now confirmed, will be made in the ISC's response to a government consultation on the future of education. The scheme would be open to primary and secondary school-age children. But details about which families would benefit and what form the tests would take are yet to be settled and the scheme could not take place without the government's approval. Currently it costs an average of £30,000 to send a pupil to board and £15,500 for a day school for a year. The plan is designed to meet government demands that - in exchange for its tax-free, charitable status - the private education sector does more for potential pupils whose families cannot afford to pay the fees. This status saves independent schools at least £150m a year. But Sir Michael said the proposal did not go far enough, adding: "I think they can do better than that and if I was government I would be asking them to do more as a quid pro quo for their tax privileges." There are roughly 600,000 pupils in each year group in England, and private schools educate only 7% of the total school population. Analysis By BBC education correspondent Sean Coughlan If the debate about bringing back grammar schools felt like a blast from the past, then the proposal for state-subsidised places in private schools is another case of "back to the future". It would mean reviving something similar to the Assisted Places Scheme, which supported means-tested places in private schools in the 1980s and 1990s. They were not "free" places, but taxpayer-funded. Scrapping this scheme was one of the first symbolic acts of the Blair government in 1997. Labour argued that public money should be focused on improving state education for the majority - and not used for life rafts into the private sector for a minority. But now the independent schools are testing the water with the May government. It's an ideological choice as much as a practical
Media playback is not supported on this device Only 12.2 overs were possible in two spells, during which Sri Lanka progressed from 32-0 to 78-1 in pursuit of a notional 362 to win. Kaushal Silva was the sole wicket to fall, lbw to James Anderson, before play was called off at 17:10 BST. A five-match one-day series starts on 21 June, followed by a Twenty20. Dimuth Karunaratne finished unbeaten on 37, while Kusal Mendis made 17 not out, hitting Joe Root for six off the final ball of the match. With both sides taking two points from the draw - Sri Lanka's first in 17 Tests - England lead 10-2 in the inaugural 'Super Series'. There are 12 points available in the limited-overs series. Media playback is not supported on this device For all England's frustration at the weather on Monday, they can take credit for the efficient manner in which they completed a 2-0 series win over an inexperienced Sri Lanka side exposed by early summer conditions. Jonny Bairstow's return of 387 runs was 95 more than the next best batsman and cemented his place in the middle order, while Alex Hales took a sizeable step towards securing the opener's berth by averaging 58. But England's success was founded on the potency of their attack, led brilliantly by James Anderson with 21 wickets at less than 11 apiece. Stuart Broad's haul of 12 wickets was bettered only by Anderson, Chris Woakes produced his Test best with bat and ball after replacing the injured Ben Stokes, and Steven Finn hinted at a welcome return to form at Lord's. England may hold all but one of the nine trophies on offer against countries in bilateral series, but there remain grounds for concern for coach Trevor Bayliss. Their top-order collapses are still to be eradicated - they have lost their first four wickets before reaching 100 five times in the past seven innings. The search for a reliable number three goes on after Nick Compton managed only 51 runs in five innings, and it remains to be seen whether James Vince, who scored only 54 runs at 13.5, will be retained at number five for the Pakistan series later this summer. Despite taking 19 catches - a record for an England wicketkeeper in a three-Test series - Bairstow's glovework has been heavily criticised thanks to three drops and a missed stumping. England
Marvyn Iheanacho, 39, attacked Alex Malcolm in Mountsfield Park, Catford, on 20 November 2016. Witnesses heard a "child's fearful voice saying 'sorry'", loud banging and a man screaming about the loss of a shoe, Woolwich Crown Court was told. Iheanacho, who denied murder, will serve a minimum of 18 years in prison. The jury heard Alex suffered head and stomach injuries and died in hospital two days after the beating. His mother, Lilya Breha, 30, told the court Iheanacho had also attacked her after she tried to call an ambulance when he returned to her flat carrying her injured son. In a tearful interview, she said: "He (Alex) was bubbly. He was just perfect you know, he was a really, really special little boy. "He was shy, he was so shy, and very polite. He would always say 'Mummy thank you' and 'I love you Mummy'." Ms Breha described Iheanacho as a "good liar" and pathetic. Recalling how she met him through a friend after he left prison, she said he had convinced her he was innocent and a good person. She said: "When I think about it now, to be honest I feel like it was all such a big lie and he just pretended to be a good guy pretty well." Prosecutors revealed there had been "problems with witness interference" during the trial, with Iheanacho phoning Ms Breha from prison to try to persuade her to back him in court. In a victim impact statement, Alex's father said he would "never forget seeing him in his hospital bed fighting for his life. That image will stay with me forever." "Just thinking about what's happened and trying to put words on paper is tearing me apart," he said. Sentencing, Judge Mark Dennis QC said the killer had a deeply entrenched character flaw that "leads you to overreact and lose your temper". "You used your undoubted strength and simple brute force," against a "completely defenceless" child, he said. He said Iheanacho, who has a string of previous convictions for violent offences, had given fake and misleading accounts to paramedics, hospital staff and police.
The former Liverpool striker fired the hosts into the lead before Ricardo Pereira doubled the lead. Marquinhos pulled one back but Thiago Motta was dismissed for clashing with Paul Baysse before Anastasios Donis made it 3-1. Angel Di Maria was shown a straight red for a challenge on Arnaud Souquet. Victory for Nice sees them move three points behind second-placed PSG, who had won their previous eight league games to keep their title chances alive. But Leonardo Jardim's Monaco, who have a game in hand over PSG, require seven points from their last four games to be crowned champions of France for the first time since 2000. Florian Thauvin scored a hat-trick as Marseille won 5-1 away at Caen to keep alive their hopes of playing in next season's Europa League. The French forward, who is on loan from Newcastle United, scored in the second, 63rd and 89th minutes against the relegation-threatened hosts. The 24-year-old has scored 15 goals in 35 Ligue 1 games since moving to France last August. Marseille are sixth in Ligue 1, one point behind fifth-placed Bordeaux with three games remaining. A fifth-placed finish will secure a place in the Europa League third qualifying round. Match ends, Nice 3, Paris Saint Germain 1. Second Half ends, Nice 3, Paris Saint Germain 1. Ángel Di María (Paris Saint Germain) is shown the red card. Foul by Ángel Di María (Paris Saint Germain). Arnaud Souquet (Nice) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Goal!  Nice 3, Paris Saint Germain 1. Anastasios Donis (Nice) header from very close range to the bottom left corner. Thiago Motta (Paris Saint Germain) is shown the red card for violent conduct. Foul by Thiago Motta (Paris Saint Germain). Paul Baysse (Nice) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Marco Verratti (Paris Saint Germain) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Mickael Le Bihan (Nice). Thiago Silva (Paris Saint Germain) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ricardo Pereira (Nice). Foul by Thomas Meunier (Paris Saint Germain). Mickael Le Bihan (Nice) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Lucas Moura (Paris Saint Germain) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Ángel Di María with a cross. Substitution, Nice. Mounir Obbadi replaces Vincent Koziello. Attempt missed. Thomas Meunier (Paris Saint Germain) right footed shot
The owner of a successful US cosmetics company, back in 2002 she was hit by a development which threatened the firm's future - her long-time South Korean manufacturer announced that he was ending their partnership and going out on his own. Ms Telwar suddenly found that her Atlanta-based business Anisa International - today one of the world's largest designer and manufacturer of make-up brushes - had nowhere to get its products produced. Describing the situation as "pretty scary", and faced with the possibility of her business having to shut down, she instead determined to fly to China and secure her own factory. The Anisa International plant, based in the city of Tianjin in northern China, now makes more than 25 million make-up brushes per year. Ms Telwar, 48, looks back on the split with her former South Korean partner as being like the break-up of a marriage - yet one with a happy ending. "It was a bit like a divorce," she says. "But at the end of the day, it was probably one of the best things that ever happened." Owning her own factory meant that she took full control of the manufacturing process, allowing her to design new products more freely, she says. And thanks to this newer, wider range of make-up brushes, Anisa International's sales have increased substantially. Today, the company has annual revenues of more than $30m (Â£18.5m). It is a "white label business" in that it makes its make-up brushes for other firms, including many of the big names in cosmetics, such as Estee Lauder and Sephora. Born in New York, but raised in Nashville, Tennessee, Ms Telwar undoubtedly gets some of her business drive from her Russian mother Fatima Telwar, who after a childhood in Turkey emigrated to the US. Fatima Telwar ran her own import and export business, buying general goods in the Middle East, such as rugs, and then selling them in the US. After two years at business school, Anisa Telwar joined her mother's business when she was in her early 20s. The decision to go out on her own came after a meeting with the fateful South Korean manufacturer, and Anisa International was born in 1994. While the Korean firm would make the brushes, Ms Telwar would do the distribution, marketing and selling - jobs it was soon apparent that she was rather good at. While she had little capital
The move comes after the BBC revealed that a number of women felt physically and mentally scarred after having the implants. Mesh or tape implants are used to treat organ prolapse or urinary incontinence. These conditions can be common after childbirth. The board's letter, leaked to the BBC, advised GPs to refer the women back to the health trust that performed the surgery with a letter stating that the referral is "because of problems associated with mesh surgery". The letter goes on to state that each trust should have arrangements in place for these women to be seen by a consultant. A spokesperson for the local action group, which now has over 250 members, welcomed the move but told the BBC that it was sad that some women had to go public with their personal stories in order for some health professionals to take them seriously. In July, a group of women from across the UK affected by vaginal mesh implants, including many from Northern Ireland, met with MPs at Westminster as part of a campaign to ban the procedure.
"Costs have got out of control, we need costs to come right down," he told BBC 5 live's Wake Up to Money programme. Lord Browne said companies would have to "slim down", warning "there will be some companies that go to the wall". The warning from Lord Browne, who led BP for 12 years, comes amid fears the industry is in crisis. A barrel of Brent crude has more than halved in price since its peak of $115 last summer. On Tuesday, the price stood at $57 a barrel. Last month, the chairman of the independent explorers' association Brindex told the BBC the industry was "close to collapse". Robin Allan claimed almost no new projects in the North Sea were profitable with oil below $60 a barrel. In recent weeks hundreds of North Sea jobs have been cut by oil firms, including BP and Talisman Sinopec. The chancellor has said he will look at new measures to support the industry in his next Budget in March. Both industry leaders and the Scottish government are calling for taxes to be cut further as a matter of urgency to help the sector deal with falling oil prices and higher costs. Unions have also raised safety concerns over the number of job cuts being made in the industry.
John Whittingdale was speaking on BBC One's The Andrew Marr Show after launching a debate on what types of programmes the BBC should make. Of Strictly, he said: "The BBC took a risk. It paid off well and it has achieved a mass audience. "And that seems to me admirable if you can do all those things." The government published a Green Paper on the future of the BBC on Thursday, including the question of whether the corporation should be "chasing ratings" or delivering "distinctive, quality" programmes that are unavailable on other channels. That has led to some suggestions that the BBC could stop showing Saturday night light entertainment programmes. Asked about the difference between Strictly and the BBC's long-running Generation Game, Mr Whittingdale said: "Saturday night has always been a time when families sit around the television and we traditionally have had light entertainment shows. "In many ways, Strictly Come Dancing is the successor to The Generation Game. "But Strictly was perhaps, at first sight of the commissioning editor, not necessarily a show which was going to be as successful as it has proved to be. "So I think the BBC took a risk. It paid off well and it has achieved a mass audience. And that seems to me admirable if you can do all those things. "But, of course, in the age when you and I were sitting watching The Generation Game, the amount of choice available was extremely limited. "At that time there were probably only about three channels, whereas now you've got 50, 60, 70 to choose from." Before becoming culture secretary, Mr Whittingdale had told the Guardian newspaper that it was "debatable" whether there was a public service argument for the BBC making Strictly. The show should certainly not compete for viewers with X Factor on ITV, he told the paper. On Sunday, Mr Whittingdale told Andrew Marr he was a "huge admirer" of the BBC. But he said he was "a little surprised that the BBC expressed such disappointment at the Green Paper". He said the document was "just a series of questions with no answers as yet decided". Almost 30 celebrities, including Daniel Craig and Dame Judi Dench, have signed a letter warning against creating "a diminished BBC". But some of the signatories have revealed that they were asked to sign by BBC executives. Conservative MP Andrew Bridgend told the Sunday Express
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board approved moving the track cycling and mountain bike events to an existing venue in Izu. Both were due to be in temporary venues - track cycling in the Ariake district and mountain biking at Sea Forest. The changes to the programme will bring savings of £66m to the Games budget. Earlier this year, the Japanese government scrapped plans for a £1.3bn Olympic stadium designed by British-Iraqi architect Zaha Hadid - the designer of the London 2012 aquatics centre. A new plan costing about 60% of the original is expected to be agreed. Sea Forest will still host the canoe sprint and rowing events, plus the cross-country and eventing elements of the equestrian programme. An IOC statement said: "The athlete experience will be guaranteed, as all athletes and team officials whose events will be at Izu will have the option to stay in the main athletes' village before and after their competition. "During the competitions, they will stay at a satellite village located close to the event venues." International Cycling Union president Brian Cookson said his organisation had embraced the IOC's cost-cutting programme and the UCI would work with local authorities to build on the sport's legacy in Japan. All sports have now been assigned venues for Tokyo 2020 except football, with a decision on that expected after next year's Rio Olympics.
Adam Mudd admitted creating malware in 2013 which was used to carry out 1.7 million cyber attacks. The 20-year-old of Toms Lane in Kings Langley was jailed for two years at the Old Bailey in April. But on Thursday, judges at the Court of Appeal found the original punishment had not given enough credit for his guilty plea. Mudd, who made more than Â£380,000 worth of US dollars and Bitcoins from victims including gaming websites Minecraft and Xbox Live, had his sentence reduced by three months.
The European Union has approved significant changes to data laws, aimed at putting individuals back in charge of their information. It is the biggest shake-up to privacy regulation for 20 years, according to experts. The changes would make privacy "a board-level issue", one lawyer said. Peter Church, a technology lawyer at Linklaters, said it would make businesses "start taking these issues a lot more seriously". US technology companies already have an uneasy relationship with European regulators, with both Google and Facebook facing big fines - Facebook over its use of cookies and Google over its privacy policy. Although this new law will not come into force until 2018, the changes meant the tech giants would have to "pay more attention to what regulators are saying", said Mr Church. The new draft policy, in discussion since 2012, will need to be ratified by the European Parliament next year. Other changes include: Jan Philipp Albrech, chief negotiator, said of deal: "This would be a major step forward for consumer protection and competition and ensure Europe has data protection rules that are fit for purpose in the digital age." Stewart Room, head of data privacy at PwC, said: "The scale and breadth of the EU's changes to privacy rules will deliver unprecedented challenges for business and every entity that holds of uses European personal data both inside and outside the EU. "Most companies will be shocked at the scale of the new rules and the work that needs to be done before the laws take effect in two years - it is not much time for the magnitude of the internal changes that will be required."
There has been little chance to take such ads to task, as there are currently no rules on the portrayal of gender stereotypes through advertising. But this is set to change as the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) plans to bring in new guidelines from 2018, cracking down on ads that mock people for not conforming to gender stereotypes or that reinforce gender roles. Here are some examples from the ASA of adverts it has received complaints about over gender stereotypes - but not taken action on. This advert from the formula company shows three babies exploring as youngsters but growing into their careers. The two baby boys have futures as engineers and mountain climbers. However, the baby girl as depicted as growing into a ballerina. A spokesman from the ASA said complainants considered the ad portrayed negative gender stereotypes, but he added: "We did not find grounds for a formal investigation." Clothing giant Gap attracted complaints after releasing adverts for its children's clothes. The boy is portrayed as a "little scholar" with an Albert Einstein T-shirt, promising that his "future starts here". However, the girl has the title of "social butterfly", wearing glittery cat ears and clothes that will be "the talk of the playground". The ASA said Gap took steps to take the ad down so it "did not have grounds for further investigation". A TV advert from fast food chain KFC, depicting two men arguing about the size of their new TVs, attracted complaints because of its treatment of anxiety disorders. After one character boasts how much bigger his TV is - because he is "a man" - he continues to mock the second man for owning scented candles. "You know those candles help with my anxiety," he replies. "You're a monster." The majority of complainants said the advert implied that it was acceptable to make fun of a mental health problem. A number also objected because it equated anxiety with a lack of masculinity, and helped perpetuate the damaging view that men shouldn't admit to mental health concerns. The ASA said it did not consider the advert to cause serious or widespread offence on either point, so no further action was taken. This estate agent advert, which appeared on the London Underground, attracted complaints over gender stereotypes. Complainants said it made men appear to be in charge of the finances, while making out it was his role
The riverboat had left the city of Iquitos on Wednesday with around 30 tourists on board to see towns along the river, local media reported. When the boat anchored in the middle of the river for one stop, the gunmen boarded it and stole goods worth around $20,000 (Â£15,000). None of the tourists, most of them American, were hurt. The robbery happened early in the morning. The gunmen arrived on a small boat and boarded the riverboat, threatening the crew and tourists with small calibre weapons. The boat's captain was hit with a pistol handle but was not seriously injured. None of the rest of the crew were hurt. The police arrived soon after the incident and all the tourists were evacuated to a safe location.
The 22-year-old, who joined Fulham's academy in 2009, has played four times for the Cottagers and spent a month on loan at Accrington last season. The Finn also had spells on loan with Maidenhead United, Cambridge United and Finnish Premier League side FC Lahti. The 6ft 5in goalkeeper has represented Finland at several youth levels and made his senior debut in 2013. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
It said Mr Russell would lead the Scottish government's negotiations with Westminster over "our future relationship with the EU". Mr Russell has been given the title of Minister for UK Negotiations on Scotland's Place in Europe. He has previously held the environment, culture and education briefs. But he has been out of the Scottish cabinet since Nicola Sturgeon replaced Alex Salmond as first minister in November 2014. Ms Sturgeon said the appointment, which is subject to approval by Holyrood when it returns next month, was an indication of the importance she was placing on the negotiations. She added: "We already have an agreement with the new prime minister that the Scottish government should be fully involved in the development of the UK government's position ahead of Article 50 being triggered and beyond, and that options to protect Scotland's relationship with Europe will form part of these discussions. "By putting a dedicated and experienced minister at their centre, it will ensure that Scotland's voice is heard loudly and clearly. I am confident that Michael Russell will make strong and constructive representation to the UK government throughout this process." The first minister said External Affairs Secretary Fiona Hyslop and Europe Minister Alasdair Allan would continue to lead discussions with EU institutions and member states. She added: "Derek Mackay will continue to have overall responsibility for the constitution, including overseeing preparations for a new independence referendum bill should that prove to be the best or only way to protect Scotland's interests." Mr Russell was previously Minister for Environment from 2007 until 2009 and then served as Minister for Culture, External Affairs and the Constitution before moving to the role of Cabinet Secretary for Education which he held until November 2014. He said he was "delighted and honoured" to accept the new role. He added: "Following the overwhelming vote in Scotland to remain in the EU, it is essential that Scotland comes together to defend our national interest. Accordingly in these discussions, it is important that the nation speaks, as much as possible, with one voice. "I will therefore want to listen and learn from the widest range of individuals, communities, organisations and companies about their hopes and fears for the future." Mr Russell, who will report directly to the first minister, is expected to attend the second meeting of the EU Standing Council next week.
For chief executive Somnath Saha, the economics of tea are simple and brutal. Typhoo Tea produces 125 million tea bags a week at its factory in Moreton, Wirral, which have just one ingredient - tea leaves, and they are imported. Black tea is a global commodity, traded in dollars. Following the fall in sterling since the Brexit vote, costs have soared for this renowned brand as 95% of its sales are in the UK. "This is an absolute disaster for a company the size of ours," says Mr Saha. "The very sharp fall in the pound means the impact is at least a quarter of a million pounds a month for us. This is having a very negative impact on our business and we are really suffering. It's now come to a point where it's not sustainable for us." The news comes amid warnings of rising prices in the grocery sector, and with supermarket chain Morrisons increasing the cost of a jar of Marmite by 12.5%. There are plenty of winners from the fall in the value of sterling. But Typhoo Tea is a graphic illustration of what it's like for a business with one raw imported material. Typhoo has been trading for more than a century. These days, most of its black tea comes from Kenya. It's then blended and packaged on site. The company also packages own-label tea for most of the major supermarkets. In addition, it produces a range of herbal teas and those ingredients are sourced in euros. It's a high-volume, low-margin business. The cost of the ingredient depends on the quality of the leaf. A typical 80kg bag of black tea could be bought for £90 to £100 at the beginning of the year. The company says that same bag now costs £120 to £150 at the weekly international auctions. In other words, it is paying an awful lot more for the same amount of tea. "We don't have big enough margins between us and retailers to absorb all these costs. We're looking at how to mitigate some of them, from our labour, overheads and marketing costs, which will affect the growth of the business and employment in long run. But some of these currency costs will have to be passed on, as neither us nor the retailers can absorb any more cost increases," Mr Saha says. Like other suppliers, he is in discussions with
23 October 2015 Last updated at 02:35 BST It was given to the city as a sign of his gratitude for funding his forces at the Battle of Agincourt. Commentary from art historian Dr Michael Hall.
The agency said Movette had used "deceptive methods" to bill clients for the use of Google My Business - a free service provided by the US search firm. Movette had been in business for two-and-a-half years before being wound up in the High Court. It had received more than £500,000 in fees before the intervention. Google My Business is a service that encourages companies to share information and images about themselves to help the tech firm display relevant listings in its Search and Maps tools. Movette had charged its victims between £199 to £249 a year to manage their entries. The Insolvency Service said the firm had: The agency said its probe had followed "a significant volume" of customer complaints. Several clients had also posted their concerns online. "This company contacted me telling me my Google page was about to expire and following a conversation claimed I had bought their services," wrote one on the Who Called Me site. "Now they hound me every day demanding money and threatening to send in bailiffs. They always ring on withheld number but the number to call back on is a premium number. Clearly it's a scam." Another posted on business reviews website Trustpilot: "Complete liars, rude arrogant... they claim the verbal contracts are legally binding and cannot be cancelled. Do not believe them." The Insolvency Service noted that Movette had operated a "very similar business" to another company - Online Platform Management Consultants Ltd - which had shut in April 2015 after operating from the same Manchester address.
The producer of one of the UK's most popular lagers, his business had grown too fast and over-extended itself. It was making a loss, and had built up substantial debts which it was struggling to service. While this situation may have been rectifiable in benign economic conditions, the global financial crisis that exploded in 2008 meant that Cobra had to put itself up for sale in November of that year. "We had lots of debt and we didn't see the crisis coming," says Lord Bilimoria, speaking at Cobra's headquarters in London. At the time the company had been growing by an average 40% every year since it was set up in 1989. All potential profits had been invested back into continuing to grow the company, so its cash reserves were running very low at a time when Lord Bilimoria says "cash didn't just become king - it became emperor". He adds: "What I could have done - should have done, with hindsight - is proven the profitability [of the business] for two or three years, and slowed down the growth. But at that stage... the mindset when you are growing at 40% is that you are on a roll." Cobra was saved in May 2009 when, under a so-called "pre-pack administration" deal - a pre-arranged agreement that saw the firm go quickly in and out of administration - Lord Bilimoria bought the business back in a joint venture with North American brewing giant Molson Coors. The deal wiped out Cobra's debts, leaving creditors Â£71m out of pocket. However, Lord Bilimoria, who is Cobra's chairman, says he is paying back every single person, despite having no legal requirement to do so. "It is my belief that if you go through a tough time it is not just what you do, but how you do it," he says. Born in India in 1961, Karan Bilimoria is the son of a general in the Indian army. His father, Faridoon Bilimoria, commanded a regiment of Gurkhas when India fought on the side of Bangladesh in its eastern neighbour's 1971 war of independence from Pakistan. By the time the late Lt Gen Bilimoria retired, he was commander-in-chief of the central Indian army, with 350,000 men under his command. It was as a teenager that Lord Bilimoria decided to go into business instead of joining the army like his father. "I decided that the army for
But columnists also noted that Republican Mr Trump had the ability to "adapt after failure" and said there was a risk Mrs Clinton could become "cocky" after her assured performance. Zurcher: Who won the first debate? US debate: Five Twitter takeaways How does the US election work? New York Times The editorial board was unimpressed with the debate, saying "when just one candidate is serious and the other is a vacuous bully, the term loses all meaning". Opinion writer Nick Kristof said Trump had "hurt himself", others said Mrs Clinton had "crushed" her opponent. But Ross Douthat said Mrs Clinton did not "goad Trump into a true meltdown or knock him out with a truly devastating attack". She "won the night, but he lived to fight another day", he said. Washington Post Writers unanimously called it for Mrs Clinton, saying Mr Trump had "bombed on the ultimate reality show" and "did not appear ready to be president". Stephen Stromberg mused on what a debate victory for Mrs Clinton actually meant. "If Americans were so evenly split heading into Monday night, after the monstrous campaign Trump had run before the debate, they may be capable of anything," he wrote. Fox News Pundits consulted by the broadcaster said Mr Trump had "struggled", "never took control" and "failed to exploit" the issue around Mrs Clinton's emails. "It helps to be prepared," said Douglas Schoen, declaring victory for Mrs Clinton. "On so many fronts he should have been able to wipe that smug grin off Hillary's face; he did not rise to the challenge," said Liz Peek. LA Times Its panel of three commentators had Mrs Clinton winning every round. "Politics is harder than it seems, and Trump found that out tonight," said Cathleen Decker. "Clinton was unflappable... and probably likeable enough," said Doyle McManus. David Lauter said Mr Trump's lack of preparation echoed the "terrible job" President Obama did in the first TV debate four years ago. "But remember that Obama bounced back," he said. Breitbart Writers at the hard-right news website said Mr Trump had "bludgeoned" Mrs Clinton on trade. They also accused debate moderator Lester Holt of "shilling" for Mrs Clinton by asking Mr Trump "tough questions" and insisted that Republican candidates were "routinely treated unfairly" by moderators. Some 75% of Breitbart readers said Mr Trump had won. The Hill Republican and Democrat-supporting pundits consulted by the Washington politics website mostly
It was dropped this year after being sited next to the town's Loreburn Hall for a number of editions. It was said at the time the festival had "outgrown" the venue and needed to look at other options. However, it is now planned to bring it back to the Whitesands car park for the 2018 event from 18 to 28 January. They also plan to introduce two new "strands" to the event - a comedy festival and a fringe festival. Tickets for a number of events have already gone on sale with more line-up announcements expected in the coming months. The comedy festival will take place at the Easterbrook Hall with the fringe festival at smaller venues around the town. Graham Main, executive producer of the town's Electric Theatre Workshop which runs Big Burns Supper Festival, said the audience had made it "very clear" they wanted the Spiegeltent back. It will be surrounded by a brand new festival village with additional bars and fringe performance spaces, themed around a "Winter Garden" concept.
The Association for Licensed Multiple Retailers (ALMR) has written to Philip Hammond asking for more transitional relief for the sector. Business rates in England and Wales are being updated to take into account changes in property values. However, the government says a cap on how much bills can rise will cushion the impact for firms facing increases. The letter written by the ALMR on behalf of its members says that "on average, the pub sector will see a 15% increase and restaurants a 23% increase across the country". "This will add a further Â£300m to Â£500m in additional cost in the hospitality sector," it says. The ALMR says the impact of the extra costs could threaten the positive contribution the sector is making to overall economic growth in the UK. The ALMR represents leading brands, including Pizza Express, Wagamama and Yo Sushi, as well as smaller businesses operating from only one or two premises. "We would urge you to consider reviewing the transitional relief provisions and the introduction of sector specific hospitality retail relief," the letter says. Rates are calculated by multiplying the rateable value of a property by a multiplier set by the government. But as property values change over time, rateable values need to be reassessed periodically - usually every five years. However this update to property values is two years behind schedule, making it a harder pill to swallow in areas where the price of real estate has been rising. A statement from the Department for Communities and Local Government (DCLG) said that most businesses will not face sharp rises in costs. "Following the revaluation, three-quarters of properties will see no change or even a fall in their bills, and the small minority of businesses that face an increase will benefit from our Â£3.6bn transitional relief scheme," it said. However, property experts have predicted that some businesses, especially in thriving commercial centres and the south-east of England could see very dramatic changes to their rates bills, by as much as several hundred percent. Many pubs and restaurants occupy prime real estate in town and city centres. The DCLG added that many pubs had seen turnover increase significantly since the last rates valuation in 2010 as a result of the growth in casual dining. That increase in revenue would affect the rateable value of the property, it said. However the government's planned cap on annual increases means that
A Walmart truck crashed in to the back of Morgan's limo in June 2014, with prosecutors alleging the driver had not slept for more than 24 hours. Comedian James McNair, known as Jimmy Mack, was killed in the crash. Morgan's lawyer, Benedict Morelli, said Walmart "took full responsibility for the accident". All sides had worked hard to reach the undisclosed agreement, he added. Morgan said Walmart "did right by me and my family, and for my associates and their families". "I am grateful that the case was resolved amicably.'' A representative for supermarket giant Walmart also called it an "amicable settlement". Morgan, 46,  was left in a critical condition following the crash, suffering a traumatic head injury, a broken leg, nose and ribs. In March, his lawyer said the star had not yet been able to get back to work but was "working very hard to get better, physically, emotionally and mentally." The comedian, who rose to fame on Saturday Night Live, will give his first interview since the crash to NBC's Today on Monday, 1 June. Morgan will be interviewed by Matt Lauer live in the Rockefeller Center - which was the setting for 30 Rock - and will be joined by his lawyer Benedict Morelli. Walmart had previously reached an agreement with the family of James McNair, 62, who grew up with Morgan in New York. Their driver, Kevin Roper of Jonesboro, Georgia, has pleaded not guilty to death by auto and assault and is currently on bail.
Nearly every bollard in Callander has been given a woolly makeover to mark the town's Winter Fest. The most popular covers have been knitted in the style of Olaf the snowman, from Disney movie favourite Frozen. They were created by women from the town's Meet and Make and Creative in Callander groups. Among them was 52-year-old Deborah O'Hara. She said the women, known as "yarn-bombers", had first knitted bollard covers as part of the town's Summer Fest and they had proven extremely popular. "People just love them. Visitors to the town have been stopping to get photographs of them," she said. "I have been watching them from the shop where I work. It's very funny to see people's faces. "There has of course been the odd joke and innuendo about them, but mostly people just love them." Visitors will be able to admire the covers from Thursday until Tuesday next week.
The former Blackpool boss has been ruthless with a squad that even flirted with bottom spot and appears to be placing his faith this time on players with recent experience of the Scottish Championship. Fellow former Scotland international Gary Naysmith has had a similar clear-out of an East Fife squad that also under-performed by finishing fourth in the table, although they did pick up in time to reach the play-off final, where they lost to Stenhousemuir. Defender Julen Etxabeguren Leanizbarrutia and goalkeeper Alan Martin have made the biggest jump up the ranks during the close season. Former Real Sociedad 24-year-old Leanizbarrutia has left East Fife to sign for Dundee, while Martin has left Clyde for Hamilton Academical. Annan Athletic and East Stirlingshire have had their annual mass cull of their squads, with Berwick Rangers the most active in adding to their numbers. Key signing: Jordan Hart spent the second half of last season on loan from Celtic and the 19-year-old goalkeeper has now made the move from the Scottish champions permanent. Intriguing arrival: Having started his career with Partick Thistle, versatile 24-year-old Nigeria-born Smart Osadolor headed to Tiffin University in Ohio after spells with junior outfits Irvine Vics and St Anthony's, but the left-side player returns to Scotland after his scholarship. One that got away: Former Rangers youth defender Andrew Mitchell returned to Annan on loan from Southport in February, but the 23-year-old has now moved to Crusaders in his native Northern Ireland. In: Jordan Hart, goalkeeper (Celtic); Blair Currie, goalkeeper (Hamilton Academical); Jamie Watson, forward (Airdrieonians); Smart Osadolor, midfielder (Tiffin University Athletics). Out: Kieran Brannan, forward (Kilbirnie Ladeside); Chris Dickinson, forward (West Auckland); Alex Mitchell, goalkeeper; Iain Chisholm, defender; Kenny MacKay, forward; Steven Logan, midfielder; Callum Cook, midfielder; Michael McAnespie, defender; Craig Murray, goalkeeper; Danny Graham, midfielder; Dion Irving, defender; Benjamin Wagner, forward. Loan ended: Junior Ogen, forward (Rangers); Andrew Mitchell, midfielder (Southport); Calum Cook, midfielder (Dumbarton). Last season: 5th Prediction: 2nd. Having knocked Airdrieonians out of the Petrofac Training Cup then came close to ousting Queen of the South in the League Cup, Jim Chapman's side look to have the basis for a promotion challenge this season. Key signing: Arbroath have high hopes for Kane Hester, a 20-year-old striker signed from junior club Arbroath Vics after scoring four goals in three pre-season games. Intriguing arrival: Midfielder Sergio Cecilia Alvarez, previously of Atletico Victoria of Tenerife in the fourth
Tips on how to push students to sign up for expensive courses were included in records released during a class-action lawsuit against Trump University. Mr Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has denied that the school misled students. But Hillary Clinton described the venture as a "fraudulent scheme". Mrs Clinton, who leads to race to be the Democratic nominee, said the former school was "used to prey upon those who could least afford it". The now defunct for profit school is at the centre of two class-action lawsuits in San Diego, California, alleging the company scammed students by failing to deliver on promises to impart Mr Trump's secrets of real estate success. Former students say they were misled by adverts claiming Mr Trump had "hand-picked" teachers and "overseen" the curriculum. The billionaire businessman continues to maintain the majority of his customers were satisfied with the real estate programme. The documents were released following an order by US District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel. The judge ruled that the files were in the public interest since Mr Trump had become "the front-runner in the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential race". Trump University was launched in 2004 as a business venture under the Trump brand, offering courses in entrepreneurship. The extent of Mr Trump's involvement in the scheme is a key point on contention. The trove of documents include manuals or "playbooks" for employees outlining how to "close the deal" and convince students to invest in business seminars that cost up to nearly $35,000 (Â£24,288). The "playbooks" also advised sales staff on how to speak to reporters, how to dress and run Trump University events, as well as how to identify students with the most liquid assets. The unsealed files also included depositions from executives describing how the operation worked. They also included statements from employees describing the program a "scam". Former staff member Ronald Schnackenberg wrote that he left Trump University in 2007, citing the program used "misleading, fraudulent and dishonest" tactics. The previously unseen testimony from Trump University executives goes some way to show Mr Trump's level of involvement in the school's marketing strategy. Michael Sexton, Trump University president, said in a 2012 deposition that Mr Trump offered "very good and substantive input" to the program's marketing materials. The documents were released in one of two class-action lawsuits in California against Trump University. In a separate civil lawsuit in New
There are growing divisions in the right-wing party over Mr Orban's steps to turn Hungary into an "illiberal democracy", despite a third election victory this year: Even though a majority of Hungarians oppose their policies - 2.8 million against to 2.3 million in favour in April -  opposition parties are weak and divided, with the exception of the radical nationalist Jobbik movement, which has emerged as the main rival to Fidesz. But the mood in the corridors of power is wretched. In a country where backbench rebellions are almost unknown, politicians contend themselves with hints of dissent in anti-government media, and more open attacks on Viktor Orban's policies in pro-government media. A new, pro-Russian foreign policy sits particularly awkwardly in a party which rose to fame in 1989 as the first to demand publicly that Soviet troops leave Hungary. It began with a photograph of Viktor Orban shaking hands with Russian President Vladimir Putin in January, after signing a highly controversial nuclear expansion deal. When the Russians annexed Crimea in March, the Budapest government criticised the beleaguered Ukrainian government in Kiev, and stated publicly that all it cared about was the Hungarian minority in western Ukraine. In July, Hungary's embassy in Estonia was closed down at a moment when the Baltic states - Hungary's Nato allies - felt under most pressure from Moscow. Mr Orban has consistently opposed EU and US sanctions against Russia, on the grounds that "we should be doves in economic policy, and hawks in defence". In an August speech to Hungary's ambassadors, he called openly for an unprincipled foreign policy, placing foreign investment in Hungary above any moral considerations such as a trade partner's human rights record. And in September, within an hour of Mr Orban meeting with the chief of Russia's state-owned gas giant, Gazprom, the reverse flow of gas to Ukraine in Hungary's pipelines, which had been annoying Russia, was stopped. Dismay is growing within Fidesz at his domestic policy too: at government corruption, the playboy lifestyle of numerous party officials, and an economic policy which consistently suppresses the value of the Hungarian currency, the forint. There is also increasing rivalry between the oligarchs: the rich men who fund the party from behind the scenes, on a model learnt from the former communists. "Unprincipled decisions cause harm, even if that is not visible in the short term," parliament speaker Laszlo Kover, a founding
The Ireland front row was suspended for two games by European Champions Cup organisers following an incident in the defeat by Toulon in France last Sunday. Leinster have appealed, arguing that Healy was cited for one offence yet suspended for another. As the appeal cannot be heard until after Saturday, he is free to play. The 28-year-old could still miss the Pro12 meeting with Munster at Thomond Park on Sunday, 27 December. "Leinster believe this is a failure to follow due process and is unfair to Cian Healy," the Irish province said. Healy was handed the ban for dangerous play after being charged with striking Toulon hooker Guilhem Guirado with his knee during the 24-9 defeat in France. The striking charge was found to be not proven but the incident was deemed to be foul play. "As a written decision of the judicial officer is not available, it has not yet been possible to hear the player's appeal nor set a date for the appeal," said organisers European Professional Club Rugby. "The player is therefore free to play until the outcome of his appeal."
It follows a three year legal battle by Shrien Dewani against returning to the country where his wife Anni, 28, was shot in November 2010. Mr Dewani, from Bristol, denies murder and lost his latest appeal against extradition in March. The couple were held at gunpoint while being driven in a taxi through Gugulethu township near Cape Town. By Andrew PlantBBC News, Cape Town Shrien Dewani is expected to land at Cape Town international airport at 06.15 on Tuesday morning and will then be interviewed under caution, before being charged. He's then expected to be taken to a holding cell before appearing before a judge at Cape Town High Court at about 10:00. He's expected to spend the night at Valkenberg Hospital, a large psychiatric hospital on the outskirts of Cape Town. Doctors there will assess whether or not he is mentally fit to stand trial. South African authorities have 18 months to put him on trial - or return him to the UK. Cape Town ready for Dewani trial Timeline: Anni Dewani murder Mr Dewani was thrown from the car. The body of Mrs Dewani was found the next day in the abandoned taxi with a single gunshot wound to the neck. Three men have already been convicted in connection with Mrs Dewani's death. Prosecutors in South Africa allege Mr Dewani ordered the killing of his Swedish national wife. Mr Dewani's legal team still have the option of applying to the European Court of Human Rights, but so far no application has been received. The businessman, from Bristol, is expected to arrive in Cape Town on Tuesday.. Once on South African soil he is likely to appear before the Western Cape High Court where his legal team could apply for bail. If that is refused, he will be taken to the high-care wing of Valkenberg, a psychiatric facility, the BBC's Karen Schoonbee in Cape Town understands. Ashok Hindocha, Anni Dewani's uncle, told ITV's Daybreak that the family would attend the court hearing. "We want to know what happened to Anni. That is it," he said. Anish Hindocha, her brother, added: "We are just focusing on this case at the moment and it is hard to even start making the grieving process final yet because there are so many questions we need answers to. "We hope we get it and now today he is getting extradited and that is one
Teodoro Locsin Jr, or "Teddy", tweeted seemingly pro-Nazi comments, with references to Auschwitz and the "Final Solution". Mr Locsin later apologised for the tweets and removed several of them. The 67-year-old is a journalist and ex-congressman. His tweets echo recent comments made by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who prompted outrage by referring to the Holocaust and saying he would be "happy to slaughter" three million drug addicts. More than 3,000 people with alleged links to drug use or dealing have been killed since Mr Duterte came to power in June. Mr Locsin started gaining attention on the social platform after he posted several controversial tweets. "I believe that the Drug Menace is so big it needs a FINAL SOLUTION like the Nazis adopted. That I believe. NO REHAB," he tweeted on the 21 August. In another tweet he referenced Auschwitz, the concentration camp run by the Nazis in which almost a million Jews were killed. The petition, addressed to the UN, called for Mr Locsin's appointment to be denied, saying that "his blatant justification of anti Semitic lingo makes him a racist, clearly showing his prejudice against the Jewish people". Reaction to Mr Locsin was swift, with some on Twitter calling him a disgrace. "You're making this country look crazy," a user commented. "I thought ambassadors are supposed to be educated. I guess the UN just skipped that process when appointing Teddy Locsin." another said. "You're a disgraceful UN ambassador to the country," one added. However, Mr Locsin also had his share of supporters, with one saying that "lots of us want you at the UN just the way you are - sarcasm and all". Mr Locsin, who served as a local politician for almost 10 years, has accepted the post of Philippines permanent representative to the UN but is awaiting official governmental confirmation. Amid reaction to his comments, Mr Locsin said that his daughters had told him to "stay out of Twitter", adding that he was not allowed to tweet anything, "not even niceties". He also apologised for his tweets. "I am sorry for my strong language, but it is unavoidable given the mendacity of those I fight. I cannot be other than myself," Mr Locsin tweeted on Friday. " I ask God's and the Jewish community's forgiveness, but only theirs." Mr Locsin also told CNN that his tweets had been sent for "shock value", and was "partly a
The city council said it was installing the safety equipment "to provide extra reassurance to residents". Tenants will be consulted about the work later this year. The authority also said exterior cladding used on the flats was "fireproof and complies with building and planning regulations". More on this and other Sheffield stories In a statement, the council said: "Twenty-one of the council's 24 tower blocks have metal cladding. "This is fireproof as the insulation is mineral and rock wool, with fire breaks at the floor and party walls. This creates a fireproof box around each flat to the external structure to prevent the spread of fire to other flats. "The other three are brickwork-clad and designed to operate in the same way as the other 21 but in these cases have a separate metal fire barrier installed."
St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong is the latest to suffer from what police are calling a suspicious fire. The blaze started in the early hours of Tuesday, causing extensive damage. On Monday fire almost destroyed the 123-year-old St James Church in Brighton, while a separate fire damaged St Mary's Church in St Kilda East. The Dandenong church was one of eight Catholic churches linked to priest Kevin O'Donnell, who sexually abused children throughout his 50-year career in Melbourne parishes. Local media have reported that in 1995 O'Donnell, aged 78, pleaded guilty to indecently assaulting 10 boys and two girls, aged between eight and 15, and spent 15 months in jail. He was freed in 1996 and died in 1997. The other two churches were linked to paedophile priest Ronald Dennis Pickering, who served at various parishes in Melbourne between 1958 and 1993, before returning to his native Britain where he died in 2009. In 2013, both men were on a list released by the Australian Catholic Church of 29 Melbourne priests who it acknowledged were guilty of sexually abusing children. Police would not comment on the fires or any suspects other than to say they were all suspicious and were being investigated separately. But Regional Bishop for the Catholic Church in Victoria Peter Elliott told Fairfax Radio he did not believe the fires were linked to anger over child sexual abuse, but were instead the work of a "very disturbed person". The fires come as a Royal Commission into Institutional Child Sexual Abuse travels around Australia taking evidence about alleged child sex abuse linked to churches, charities and government agencies. Local media have cited research by a Melbourne university that found at least five people had killed themselves after being sexually abused by Pickering between 1960 and 1980. Hollywood actress and former St James' parishioner Rachel Griffiths said the church's destruction came as a relief because of its history. "I was quite elated, like many of my generation, when I heard the news," she told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. "It's always been a difficult building for us to drive past because there's been so much tragedy and complicated feelings, I guess," she said.
The staff at Brickkiln Waste Limited on Heather Road were told on Friday that the company was going into administration. It is understood Brickkiln has been involved in a dispute with Derry City and Strabane District Council over payment for contracts. Brickkiln recently had its licence temporarily suspended by the Northern Ireland Environment Agency. This was because of breaches at its waste site in Maydown. In a statement, Derry City and Strabane District Council said that following the Northern Ireland Environment Agency's (NIEA) suspension of the company's waste acceptance services on 10 July, it had been working closely with Brickkiln, the NIEA and other councils to "assist in resolving ongoing waste processing issues". "Prior to this cessation of service, council was forced to suspend payment to the company as Brickkiln had failed to fulfil contractual obligations as set down in contract specification," the statement added. "Where invoices have been received by council demonstrating that the company has met their agreed terms, these invoices have been paid in full. "Council is legally obliged to adhere to all legislation in terms of the appropriate management of waste and is committed to working with the company, the NIEA, and other councils to resolve the matter." Earlier this month, 10 appliances and almost 50 firefighters were involved in tackling a fire at the Heather Road site.
Charles Henry Chester, 86, from Bedlington was killed when his Nissan Micra collided with a Vauxhall Astra near Hartford Bridge. Katherine Scott, 93, from the Morpeth area, and a passenger in the Astra, also died. Its driver remains in the Royal Victoria Infirmary with injuries which are not thought to be life threatening. Police have renewed a appeal for witnesses to the incident at 12:05 BST.
South Thanet's MP Craig Mackinlay held his seat while facing a charge over election expenses in the 2015 poll. Mr Mackinlay has insisted he has done nothing wrong. However, the party suffered a shock in Canterbury where Sir Julian Brazier lost his seat after 30 years to Labour's Rosie Duffield. Latest general election updates from across the South East Full coverage of general election 2017 Full England results breakdown Find the result where you live In Ashford, Damian Green MP held the seat and the Tory member also grew his share of the vote. Tracey Crouch held Chatham & Aylesford, and Gareth Johnson held Dartford for the Conservatives. The leader of Medway council's Labour group, and Labour candidate in Chatham and Aylesford Councillor Vince Maple said: "Here in Medway, across all our three constituencies, we've seen big increases in our vote. "We've seen people very disappointed with Theresa May who have voted Conservative for perhaps 30 years, and they maybe haven't voted for us, but they certainly haven't voted for the Conservative Party." Dover was listed as a Labour target, but Charlie Elphicke held it with an increased majority of 6,437. Both Labour and the Conservatives increased their shares of the vote by just over 9%. Mr Elphicke said; "It's brilliant we have increased our majority [in Dover]. I'm looking forward to getting more investment and to make our corner of Kent even more successful." Folkestone & Hythe, a safe Conservative seat, was held by Damian Collins, who has also increased his majority. Rehman Chishti also held Gillingham & Rainham for the Conservatives. Paul Clarke, the former Labour MP for the constituency said: "There's clearly something to build on and we could be having another general election in much less than the five-year period." In Gravesham, Conservative Adam Holloway held the seat, Helen Whately held Faversham & Mid Kent, and Tory Helen Grant retained control of Maidstone & the Weald. North Thanet was held by Roger Gale with an increased majority. He said the election had been fought under "very trying circumstances". "I think it's a tribute to the British people and to democracy, that irrespective of party politics we have gone on to hold a free and fair election in the teeth of those who have tried to stop us doing so." Mr Gale said. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon held Sevenoaks for the Tories with 32,633 votes, a 63.7%
Mr Morsi said he was not "calling for war", but that he would not allow Egypt's water supply to be endangered. Egypt was apparently caught by surprise when Ethiopia started diverting the Blue Nile last month, amid works to construct a hydroelectric dam. The river is a tributary of the Nile, on which Egypt is heavily dependent. The Great Ethiopian Renaissance Dam is a $4.7bn (Â£3.1bn) project that Ethiopia says will eventually provide 6,000 megawatts of power. It says the Blue Nile will be slightly diverted but will then be able to follow its natural course. "Egypt's water security cannot be violated at all," Mr Morsi said on Monday. "As president of the state, I confirm to you that all options are open." "If Egypt is the Nile's gift, then the Nile is a gift to Egypt,'' he said, quoting popular sayings about the river in an emotive televised speech. "The lives of the Egyptians are connected around it... as one great people. If it diminishes by one drop then our blood is the alternative." Analysts say Mr Morsi could be using the issue to distract attention from severe domestic political and economic challenges. Egypt is particularly dependant on water supply from the Nile, and its growing population has been placing that supply under increasing strain. Sudan is also reliant on Nile waters. Egypt cites a colonial era ruling to claim a right to the majority of the Nile's waters for itself and Sudan, but Ethiopia says the ruling is outdated. Mr Morsi said Egypt had no objection to development projects on Nile basin states, "but on condition that those projects do not affect or damage Egypt's legal and historical rights". Last week, Egyptian politicians were inadvertently heard on live TV proposing military action over the dam.
The cities of Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have suffered the worst damage. On Thursday, country music legend Dolly Parton said her charity would donate $1,000 (Â£797) a month to families affected by the fires. Rain on Wednesday helped quell the blaze, but officials said fires could rekindle as months of drought had left the ground extremely dry. The wildfires, likely started by a person, spread on Monday to the tourist city of Gatlinburg. More than 14,000 residents were forced to evacuate. Gatlinburg Fire Chief Greg Miller said: "We had trees going down everywhere, power lines - all those power lines were just like lighting a match because of the extreme drought conditions. "So we went from nothing to over 20 plus structure fires in a matter of minutes. And that grew and that grew and that grew." Wildfires- Why they start and how they can be stopped Around 45 people have been treated in hospital as a result of the wildfires, and over 700 buildings have been damaged. City mayor, Mike Werner said: "Gatlinburg is the people, that's what Gatlinburg is. It's not the buildings, it's not the stuff in the buildings. "We're going to be back better than ever. Just be patient.'' Mr Werner has spent days reassuring his city "everything is going to be okay". Meanwhile, he has lost his home and seven other buildings he owns as part of a property business. He said the city was still working to identify those killed by the fire. The wildfires are also threatening Dollywood, Parton's theme park in Pigeon Forge, Sevier County. A spokesman said guests had been evacuated from some of its properties, and that several cabins and holiday structures had been damaged. Parton said she was "heartbroken" by the fires and that she was "praying for all the families affected by the fire - and the firefighters who are working so hard to keep everyone safe". She said she hoped money from her charity can help to people "until they get back up on their feet". "I know it's been a trying time for my people, and this assistance will help," she said. "I've always believed that charity begins at home." Singer Miley Cyrus, also a Tennessee native, sent her sympathies and support to Parton and the people of the state in an Instagram post. Sharing a picture of the pair performing together, she wrote: "Love my
While opinion is divided, Mrs Clinton is largely thought to have come out on top in Sunday's debate in St Louis. But columnists raised the issue of her failure to tackle Mr Trump effectively, allowing him to "exceed expectations". "The smiling Hillary we saw throughout the first debate on Long Island? She didn't make the trip west." Fox News concludes that Mr Trump managed to pull off a surprising performance, although the news channel does not explicitly state that the Republican candidate won the debate. The conservative network says he performed well, pivoting and manoeuvring through questions, allowing him to save his presidential hopes. Political analyst William Whelan said the night fell into the hands of Mr Trump. He said the Republican defended his record and unlike the first debate, when he was often blown off course by the former secretary of state and "torpedoed by his own badgering performance", he improved as the night went on. Mr Trump's decision to launch a blistering attack against Hillary Clinton and her husband is described by Fox as the equivalent of "Hillary dropping Alicia Machado on Trump" in the previous debate. That was the line used by Breitbart news, which is in a minority in handing the title to Mr Trump. In a leading story quoting comments from former mayor of New York City, Rudy Giuliani, it reports that Mrs Clinton was "pounded on bad decisions". It refers to accusations from Mr Trump that Mrs Clinton and the Democratic Party helped "create the vacuum in the Middle East" that allowed so-called Islamic State to form. The hard-right news website, whose executive chairman Stephen Bannon was appointed Mr Trump's campaign chief in August, is running its own readers' poll, the results of which have yet to be announced. The site also highlights support from Republican vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence, who said in a tweet that he was proud of Mr Trump and congratulated him on "a big debate win", while ending it with a shortened form of Mr Trump's 'Make America Great Again' slogan. "All Hillary Clinton had to do was remain upright for 90 minutes." The Washington Post's verdict is that the debate highlighted an "increasingly isolated" Mr Trump during an "unusually dark and bitter face-off". Over the past year, the newspaper has been at the forefront of investigations into Mr Trump, and has published several editorials condemning the candidate. On the
Dave Tarpey was a constant threat to the visitors early on, narrowly missing the target a few times as he looked to add to his seven goals from the first four games. But it was Harry Pritchard who instead got the breakthrough the hosts deserved, curling home delightfully from 25 yards out after 26 minutes. Luke Coulson equalised for Ebbsfleet after 50 minutes to score his third goal in five games and it was enough to keep his side's long unbeaten run going. Match report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Maidenhead United 1, Ebbsfleet United 1. Second Half ends, Maidenhead United 1, Ebbsfleet United 1. Substitution, Maidenhead United. Adrian Clifton replaces Sean Marks. Substitution, Ebbsfleet United. Danny Mills replaces Myles Weston. Substitution, Maidenhead United. Dean Inman replaces Jake Goodman. Substitution, Ebbsfleet United. Andy Drury replaces Jack Payne. Substitution, Maidenhead United. Jake Hyde replaces Dave Tarpey. Substitution, Ebbsfleet United. Darren McQueen replaces Aaron McLean. Jack Payne (Ebbsfleet United) is shown the yellow card. Goal!  Maidenhead United 1, Ebbsfleet United 1. Luke Coulson (Ebbsfleet United). Second Half begins Maidenhead United 1, Ebbsfleet United 0. First Half ends, Maidenhead United 1, Ebbsfleet United 0. Goal!  Maidenhead United 1, Ebbsfleet United 0. Harry Pritchard (Maidenhead United). First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
Eisner and his Tornante investment group are in exclusive negotiations to pay £5.67m for 100% of the club. The Pompey Supporters Trust (PST), which controls 48% of the club's current ownership structure, has set out the deal in a 48-page document. Portsmouth recently secured automatic promotion from League Two. California-based Eisner, 75, will present his offer in person at a town hall-style meeting on Thursday, and also aims to invest an additional £10m in equity should the deal go through. The current ownership structure helped bring Portsmouth out of administration in 2013. Eisner's 70-day exclusivity period runs until 1 June and existing club shareholders will have the final say on accepting any offer. The PST are set to recommend to its shareholder members an "all cash now" acquisition option, giving them a full return on their original £1,000 investment per share. Under Eisner's proposals, there would no longer be room for three PST members on the club's nine-strong board. They would sit instead on a newly-created heritage board to protect matters such as the club's name, colours, badge and moving its home ground more than 15 miles from Portsmouth city centre. "The PST board believes that the best long-term future for the club is for the PST to retain some ownership," a statement said. "Tornante have agreed a heritage share can be issued, which will be put in place as a means by which certain identified issues can be protected and vetoes exercised by the PST. "The decision is for each community shareholder based on their assessment of the offer." Eisner, who is previously understood to have shown an interest in buying Championship club Reading, is also a former president of Paramount Pictures as well as an early investor in Netflix.
The question: Jennie asks: "Should we opt to leave the EU, would the duty on alcohol and cigarettes coming from Europe be reinstated?" The answer: If the UK left the EU, the specific regulations for bringing goods from the EU to the UK would depend on the agreements reached in the exit negotiations, particularly with regards to the question of whether the UK would remain in a customs union with the EU. Currently, there is no duty on goods you bring from the EU provided that they are for personal use, you transport them yourself, and you have paid duty tax in the country where you bought them. There are no limits to the alcohol and tobacco you can bring in from EU countries, but you may have to prove to custom officers that the products are for personal use if the quantities suggest that you may want to resell them. You can also bring tobacco and alcohol (and other goods worth up to £390) to the UK from outside the EU without paying duty or tax, provided that the products are for personal use and that the quantities do not exceed the specified personal allowance. For goods that exceed the personal allowance and are worth up to £630, a custom duty of 2.5% applies. You may also have to pay import VAT on the total value of the goods plus duty at the standard UK VAT rates. £61bn trade deficit with EU countries £28bn trade surplus with non-EU countries £227bn UK exports to EU £288bn UK imports from EU 45% of all UK exports go to the EU The question: Judi asks: "A leaflet from the 'Stronger In' campaign states that the UK gets £66m of investment from EU countries thus creating lower prices in the shops. Are these true claims?" The answer: This is based on the 2010 European Commission report "Trade as a Driver of Prosperity", which says that "trade brings a wider variety of goods and services to consumers and to companies, at lower prices. Consumer benefits alone are estimated at 600 euro per year." The Britain Stronger in Europe campaign says 600 euro currently works out at £459 and they rounded it down to £450 per person. The European Commission based its figure on a paper published in 2006 in the Quarterly Journal of Economics (QJE), Oxford University Press, which looked into the US market
The Ulster Unionist MP for Fermanagh and South Tyrone was elected in 2015 with DUP support. MPs backed a request from the prime minister to hold a snap general election on 8 June by 522 votes to 13. Sinn Féin's northern leader said Mrs May had shown a "blatant disregard for the people of the north". Michelle O'Neill said the prime minister's announcement of a general election was about "the Tory party's self interest". Meanwhile, the SDLP rejected any suggestion of her party entering a pact with Sinn Féin. DUP MP Ian Paisley said the "deep frost button" had been pressed on power-sharing talks in Northern Ireland. Mr Paisley expressed concerns about the future of the talks process during the general election campaign. "We are seeing the freezer bags come out and the deep frost button being pressed on the Assembly," he said. In the last general election, in May 2015, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) agreed pacts in four constituencies, including the UK's most tightly-contested seat of Fermanagh and South Tyrone. That pact helped Mr Elliott take the seat from Sinn Féin's Michelle Gildernew - she had held on to it by just four votes in 2010. On Tuesday, UUP leader Robin Swann said he was "open" to discussion on the issue of pacts. Mr Elliott told the BBC on Wednesday it was important that the "people of Northern Ireland have representation at Westminster". He also said talks with the DUP would take place in the days ahead to secure the "best agreement around some constituencies". Earlier, DUP MP Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said his party wanted to "quickly" arrange talks with the UUP on a potential pact. Sir Jeffrey told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme that the DUP was "prepared to go further" this time. "We recognise that - if Northern Ireland is to maximise its representation and to have a strong voice in the absence of our own government - then we need to return MPs who will actually take their seats at Westminster," he said. Sinn Féin currently has four MPs but they do not take their seats in the House of Commons, in protest at British rule in Northern Ireland. Sir Jeffrey suggested there should be a new unionist pact in Fermanagh and South Tyrone and "other constituencies as well". The DUP MP highlighted South Belfast as one constituency where
Net profit for the year to the end of March rose 66% to €867m (£614m; $948m), slightly ahead of analysts' expectations. The airline's "Always Getting Better" customer experience programme had attracted "millions of new customers to Ryanair", chief executive Michael O'Leary said. Falling oil prices also led to a lower fuel bill. "Our AGB programme is transforming our customer experience, our service, and the way we listen and respond to our customers," Mr O'Leary said. "We have won substantial traffic and share gains in all markets." Passenger traffic was up 11% to 90.6 million customers, while total revenue rose 12% to more than €5.6bn. To cope with rising demand, Ryanair said it had ordered 183 Boeing 737-800 planes for delivery from 2014-18, and 200 Boeing 737 Max 200s from 2019-2023. The new aircraft will be cheaper to finance and operate, with engines 18% more efficient than their predecessors, the company said. Much of the growth in passenger numbers is being driven by its new Business Plus and Family Extra services, it added. Who'd have thought it. Being nicer to customers has given Ryanair a big jump in profits, a big jump in passengers and much fuller planes. By "being nicer" I don't just mean being more friendly. As one analyst told me, it's more concrete than that. They've got a better website. An app. They're not as draconian about their luggage rules, and you can pay more to secure a seat next to your family/friends etc. Even by their standards, the double-digit rise in passenger numbers is big. And Ryanair has ambitious expansion plans too. With hundreds of new planes on order, they want to double the number of passengers within a decade or so. Ryanair owns 29.8% of rival Irish airline, Aer Lingus, and has tried unsuccessfully to take over the firm in the past. But Aer Lingus is now a takeover target for International Airlines Group (IAG), which owns British Airways and Iberia. In February, the Irish government, which owns 25% of Aer Lingus, said it could not yet approve a £1bn offer from IAG for the carrier, because it wanted more clarity on guaranteeing jobs and more information on IAG's transatlantic plans. Aer Lingus, however, has welcomed IAG's offer. For its part, Ryanair said: "The Board of Ryanair will consider any offer (should we receive one) from IAG on its merits, if or when it is received."
Graphic Design student Leanne Young won the competition with a forest fairy tale design featuring Highland cows, squirrels and the Loch Ness Monster. It will feature on boxes to be given to every newborn baby from this summer until March 2019. More than 70 students applied for the design competition, being run by the V&A Dundee, to decide what the boxes will look like. One other design, by Marwa Ebrahim from Glasgow School of Art, was also highly commended by the judges. The boxes, which are being piloted in Clackmannanshire and Orkney, will contain items including bedding, clothing and toys. Ms Young, from Edinburgh Napier University, will receive a prize of Â£1,000 and "exclusive mentoring" from leading Scottish designers Holly Fulton and Scott Jarvie. She said she was delighted her design would feature on Scotland's first baby box. "I have thoroughly enjoyed the experience from concept to realisation and hope that young families will interact with the design I have created," she said. "It's really exciting to be involved with the entire process and I've appreciated all the support and encouragement I have received from my mentors so far. "The course at Edinburgh Napier has allowed me to develop my graphic design skills and allowed me to participate in this exciting new government initiative." Judges praised Ms Young's high contrast illustration which they said was "visually stimulating" for babies. The images can also be customised by each individual family. Early Years Minister Mark McDonald said: "It was an extremely difficult task trying to pick an overall winner but the judges were in agreement that Leanne's concept should be the first ever design for Scotland's baby box. "Not only is it incredibly interactive, allowing families to customise and decorate the box throughout the years, it also acts as a multi-purpose memory capsule. It has space to record key milestones, a family tree and even the baby's handprints or footprints. "Although all babies born in Scotland will receive one of these boxes I am extremely pleased that each one will be completely unique to every family."
Catherine Smith narrowly defeated Conservative Eric Ollerenshaw in Lancaster & Fleetwood with a majority of 1,265. In Burnley, Julie Cooper secured 14,951 votes, unseating Liberal Democrat Gordon Birtwistle in a 6.3% swing. Across the rest of the county, Labour held on to six seats while the Tories retained eight. MP elect for Lancaster & Fleetwood Catherine Smith said she would represent and champion the area "to the best of my ability". She also paid tribute to her predecessor Eric Ollerenshaw's work in the constituency. Mr Ollerenshaw said he hoped he "hadn't let anyone down" after a "long and hard battle". Speaking to BBC Radio Lancashire after her win in Burnley, Julie Cooper said: "It's a fantastic end to the day. "I have worked for this for a very long time. I promise to give 100% for the people of Burnley." The married English teacher and Burnley FC season ticket holder added: "People have been told times are getting better but that is not what it seems if you have lost your job or are suffering welfare cuts." Mr Birtwistle said: "Labour threw the kitchen sink at this seat and we had far less resources." He added that he now plans to "go back to being retired, like I was before I was elected". In Blackburn, Kate Hollern retained the seat for Labour, increasing the majority that Jack Straw held by 2,904 votes for a total of 12,760. Mr Straw had been the town's MP since 1979 before he recently retired. However, the news wasn't so good for Mr Straw's son. Will Straw, Labour's candidate for the Rossendale & Darwen constituency failed in his bid to unseat Conservative Jake Berry. To find out your election result, go to BBC Election 2015.
Cathay is one of the world's biggest cargo airlines, and its decision is expected to have a sizeable impact. Previously, the airline had said it would only transport shark fin that was sustainably sourced. Shark fin is considered a delicacy in Chinese cuisine and is often served as a soup at upmarket banquets. More than 70 million sharks are killed every year, according to WWF figures. Large numbers are exported to Hong Kong, where they are consumed or further exported to mainland China. "On the issue of shark's fin, with immediate effect we are happy to agree to ban the carriage," Cathay Pacific said in a statement on Wednesday. It said it had not approved any shark fin shipments over the last year, pointing out that it had turned down 15 shipment requests for shark-related products. Early reports said the ban extended to all shark products on cargo and passenger flights, but the airline told the BBC it currently applied to shark fin only, Cathay said it would continue to review its policy. Marine conservationists hailed Cathay's decision, with one proclaiming that it would make Hong Kong "proud". "More Hong Kong businesses need to follow the lead," Hong Kong-based conservationist Sharon Kwok told AFP. Government data cited by the South China Morning Post shows that shark fin imports to Hong Kong dropped by 42% between 2010 and 2015 to 5,717 tonnes. During this period there was also a significant decline in imports by air. Cathay now joins airlines including British Airways, American Airlines, Qantas, Singapore Airlines and Emirates in banning shark fin.
The emergency services were called to the home in Minto Crescent at about 09:40 on Saturday. Police are treating the death as "unexplained". A Police Scotland spokeswoman said the inquiry was at a very early stage and appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
Please click on this page for the latest listings. Fixtures and start times are subject to change. The BBC is not responsible for any changes that may be made.
Nicola Sturgeon published an analysis of possible Brexit consequences, saying the Scottish economy could lose between £1.7bn and £11.2bn a year by 2030. Ms Sturgeon said this could have a severe impact on public spending. Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson urged the Scottish government to focus on stabilising the country in the wake of the Brexit vote. She said it needed to focus on stability and "get back to the day job". A spokesman for First Minister Nicola Sturgeon described Ms Davidson's comments as the "height of hypocrisy". And he blamed the Conservatives for Brexit and the "huge economic damage" it could cause Scotland. The UK as a whole voted to leave the European Union, but a majority (62%) of people living in Scotland voted to remain. Ms Sturgeon said a second independence referendum was "highly likely" following the poll, but has promised to explore other options to safeguard Scotland's status in Europe. Analysis published by the Scottish government suggested that by 2030, Scottish GDP was projected to be between £1.7bn and £11.2bn per year lower than it would have been if Brexit does not occur. Tax revenue was projected to be between £1.7bn and £3.7bn lower. Ms Sturgeon said "This paper shows, in the starkest possible terms, the potentially huge cost to Scotland of being taken out of the European Union and the single market. "This analysis - based on a wide range of sources - demonstrates that leaving the EU, under any potential alternative arrangement, will have a profound and long-lasting impact on the public finances and the wider economic and societal wellbeing of both Scotland and the UK as a whole. "That stark picture outlined today means that, whatever the model of relationship with the EU which is chosen by the UK government in their negotiations before and after Article 50 is triggered, it will not be as economically beneficial as full EU membership." These figures are an arithmetical forecast, with caveats. They will be contested by those who argue that the UK/Scotland can thrive outside the EU. But they are also - indeed, primarily - a political tool. Practical implications Firstly, and most immediately, Nicola Sturgeon is seeking to some extent to pre-empt the publication on Wednesday of Government Expenditure and Revenue Scotland (GERS) figures. Given that oil has continued to decline and that the economy generally is less than buoyant, the latest GERS verdict is
Iftikhar Ahmed, 52, broke down at Chester Crown Court as he denied killing his daughter, or having anything to do with her murder. His wife Farzana Ahmed, 49, also denies murdering the 17-year-old in 2003. On Monday, the jury was told Mrs Ahmed had changed her account, claiming she saw her husband beat Shafilea on the night of the alleged murder. She also claimed he had threatened to do the same to her and their other children if she ever asked him what happened to Shafilea after she disappeared from their Warrington home. Asked by Tom Bayliss QC, defending, how he felt about his wife, Mr Ahmed said: "I love her to bits." He said that had not changed, even after she changed her story. By Nick RavenscroftBBC North of England reporter For weeks, Iftikhar Ahmed has sat in the dock while the jury has heard the accusations against him - including by one of his own children - picked over. Today was his chance to stand up and make his case. To say more than the two word "not guilty" plea that he offered the court at the start of the trial. He spoke in a quiet voice. Mainly steady but at times straining with emotion - most notably when his barrister asked him about the effect on his family of his daughter Shafilea's disappearance. "The family was devastated," he said. Sitting 10 feet away listening is his wife of 25 years. Until this week they have spoken as one - that they both knew nothing about Shafilea's death. This week, that ended when Farzana Ahmed changed her evidence. Responding to a question asking whether he would ever hurt his daughter, Mr Ahmed said "no". He was then asked if he was responsible for Shafilea's death. Again Mr Ahmed replied "no". He then added: "We were devastated to find out that she had left home in the first place." When he was asked how he felt when his daughter's body was found, Mr Ahmed struggled to respond, before adding in a strained voice: "We couldn't believe it when we heard." The run-up to the trial, Mr Ahmed said, had made them "come closer" as a family. "We have been fighting to achieve justice for our daughter Shafilea," he added. Mr Bayliss asked Mr Ahmed if he believed he would ever know what happened to Shafilea. Mr Ahmed responded: "We
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court ruled that the PSNI was wrong to allow the protests to take place in the city. The court found in favour of a resident who claimed the police failed in its legal duty to stop the parades. Loyalists protested for weeks after Belfast City Council opted not to fly the union flag every day of the year. On Thursday, Mr Hamilton said the Supreme Court ruling against police makes for "uncomfortable reading", but that he accepted it. "I apologise to the residents of Short Strand and to anyone else who was inconvenienced by this parade," he said. "The residents had their rights curtailed as a result of us allowing that parade to go forward, so I acknowledge that we have a job to do in some quarters in terms of regaining trust and confidence." Mr Hamilton said that the flag protests had presented a challenging period for the police: "There were many times when we had 80 to 120 protest sites across Northern Ireland." He added that he accepted and respected the Supreme Court judgement. "It is good, actually, after four years of legal debate and a lot of scrutiny around this to have some judicial clarity," he said. "It is uncomfortable reading in parts for us, but it does bring some clarity to us and we will review how we handle un-notified parades in the future in light of this." The ruling also identified the importance of police "operational discretion", he said. "This judgement is not saying that every time there is an un-notified parade, the police should stop it. What it means is that the police have the power to stop it. "So in some ways it's another tactic for us dealing with this very difficult and unresolved issue in Northern Ireland."
James, 19, is the younger sister of double Olympic silver medallist Becky and double world para-cycling tandem pilot champion Rachel. She competes in the women's Under-23 race on Saturday. James believes she can improve on her 15th place in 2016 event, saying "My big aim is to get top 10." The 68th Cyclo-Cross World Championships are being held in Belvaux. "I got some really good training in over the winter and I feel in top form," James told BBC Wales Sport. Race preparations have been affected by a cold snap, which has left the course covered in snow and ice. "There have been so many people crashing (in training)," James said. "There are sheets of ice on some of the corners. "It's definitely going to level the playing field a little bit. "People can't just use their strength to ride away from everyone else." James watched her sister Rachel win silver in the National Track Championships sprint on Friday evening. Find out how to get into cycling with our special guide.
The Fiji international, 25, faces a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday. He is accused of "lifting a player from the ground and dropping or driving that player into the ground" when tackling Gareth Owen in the 51st minute. World Rugby's recommended bans for those found guilty of such offences range from four to 52 weeks. Ospreys' next match sees them host Dragons on New Year's Day at the Liberty Stadium. If banned, Matavesi could also miss the Pro12 trip to Leinster on Friday, 8 January as well as their crucial European Champions Cup game that follows at Clermont Auvergne on Friday, 15 January.
The Labour leader said it would lead to "failed segregation for the few and second class schooling for the many" in which children "could only lose out". He suggested ex-PM David Cameron was among the many critics of the plans. But Mrs May said she backed "levelling up, not down" in education and accused Labour of denying opportunities to others which they enjoyed themselves. During exchanges at Prime Minister's Questions, Mrs May defended plans for more grammar schools and to allow existing state-funded schools to select pupils on the basis of academic ability. She said 1.25 million pupils were currently in schools which were "failing, inadequate or in need of improvement" and the plans - allied to the expansion of faith schools and more obligations on private schools - would give every child the high-quality education they deserved to enable them to go as far as their talents allowed. Noting that, like her, Mr Corbyn had himself gone to a grammar school, she accused Labour politicians of "stifling ambition and opportunity" and "taking the advantage of a good education for themselves and pulling up the ladder behind them". "He went to a grammar school, I went to a grammar school. It is what got us to where we are today. My side may be slightly happier than his." Mr Corbyn said it was not a question of pulling up the ladder, but ensuring all children, not just a few, were given a ladder up. The Labour leader said the 11-plus test used to admit children to grammar schools was a "life-changing division" and cited statistics suggested children from low-income households performed more poorly in grammar school areas. Claiming the plans had united the entire education profession in opposition, Mr Corbyn pressed the PM to confirm how existing grammar schools in Kent and Buckinghamshire would be required to widen their admissions criteria. "Why does the prime minister want to expand a system that can only let children down? "Every child should have the best possible education they can have. We don't need and never should divide children at the age of 11, where the majority end up losing out. "Isn't this a case of a government heading backwards to a failed segregation for the few and second class schooling for the many. Can't we do better than this?" Speculating that it may be Mr Corbyn's last PMQs as Labour leader -
Notices of intended prosecution claimed 991 drivers had broken a 40mph (64km/h) speed limit in Conwy tunnel last October. But the limit had been imposed for night maintenance only and not lifted in the morning as it should have been. Within days the drivers got an apology in the post. North Wales Police released the figures in a Freedom of Information reply. The force said: "The issue was caused by an administration error surrounding the enforcement period. "North Wales police do not record the cost of cancelling notices."
Seven separate failures affected Southeastern passengers through London Bridge, which then created overcrowding at Victoria and Canada Water. Network Rail and Transport for London apologised to customers saying cable damage and signalling problems had caused delays. Most faults were repaired by 08:00 BST. Points problems led to suspensions on the District, Circle and Hammersmith and City lines. Overrunning engineering work and signalling problems resulted in delays of up to 90 minutes for passengers using London Bridge. It is the latest in a series of problems at the station. On the Tube, a signal failure, at Edgware Road in north west London, resulted a part-suspension of the District line as well as severe delays on others. Sasha Simic, who was caught up in the disruption, tweeted: "Nightmare Monday for commuters after underground suffers severe delays." Another passenger, Warren Geraghty, tweeted: "Delays in and out of Paddington. Tube has "severe delays". I think my commuting days are coming to an end!!" Both Network Rail and Transport for London apologised to customers. A Network Rail spokesman said: "The causes were a mixture of cable damage, component and asset failures. "Many of those faults were repaired before 8am but by that point the damage was done and trains were severely delayed as a result."
The void, which goes under the road on Cage Lane in Thetford, is about 3m (10ft) long and 1.5m (5ft) wide, Norfolk County Council said. A lamp-post that was precariously close to the hole has been removed by workmen and the road cordoned-off. The BBC has been unable to get in touch with the museum, but a volunteer told the Eastern Daily Press at the scene it would be open as normal this Saturday. Much of the original Dad's Army BBC TV series, based around the British Home Guard during World War Two, was shot in and around Thetford, using locations such as Thetford Forest. Eyewitness Gavin Hodge said he noticed the hole at about 13:00 and said when he looked down it there was "quite a void" filled with masonry and rubble. In a statement, Norfolk County Council said: "Part of it is under the pavement which is starting to give way but it also stretches under the road, which is intact but beginning to crack. "Tomorrow the county council is planning to fill in the gap and make it safe. We're then planning to resurface the road on Monday with the hope that the road can re-open in the afternoon. "There's no obvious reason why this gap has opened up. Anglian Water have investigated and have confirmed there are no leaks that would have contributed to it and there's no recent history of similar problems in the vicinity."
Defence lawyer Brenda Weksler told a court in Las Vegas her client Michael Sandford, from Dorking, Surrey, was in a "delicate mental state". Court papers said he had been on suicide watch at a detention centre. Mr Sandford's mother Lynne, who was not in court for the hearing, wants him to return to the UK for psychiatric help. Prosecutors allege Mr Sandford, 20, tried to grab a police officer's gun to shoot Republican presidential candidate Mr Trump at a campaign rally in Las Vegas on 18 June. They also claim he practiced shooting at a gun range the previous day. His trial has been scheduled for 3 October. The Associated Press news agency said the meeting was also expected to include Ms Weksler and Ms Sandford's London lawyer Saimo Chahal. US magistrate judge Cam Ferenbach said the meeting "might help in the resolution of the case in a way that benefits the defendant and the government", the agency reported. Ms Sandford has said her son has autism, OCD, severe depression and would face up to 30 years in prison in the US. She argues he should serve any sentence in a psychiatric hospital in the UK to receive help closer to his family. He has denied charges of disrupting government business and official functions and being an illegal alien in possession of a gun.
The Strasbourg judges said Russia had discriminated against three gay rights activists who opposed the law. It was adopted in 2013, banning promotion of homosexuality among people under 18. The law "reinforced stigma and prejudice and encouraged homophobia", the ruling said. Gay rights groups condemned the law. Under the law, private individuals deemed to be promoting "homosexual behaviour among minors" face fines of up to 5,000 roubles (£67; $85), while officials risk paying 10 times that amount. Businesses and schools can be fined up to 500,000 roubles. Homosexuality was decriminalised in Russia in 1993, but anti-gay prejudice is rife. Critics see the propaganda law as part of a state campaign to marginalise LGBT activists, whose work includes dissemination of sexual health advice. The Strasbourg court said the fines imposed on three Russian gay rights activists violated Article 10 (freedom of expression) and Article 14 (prohibition of discrimination) of the European Convention on Human Rights. According to the court, the legislation aimed at curbing promotion of homosexuality was "not clearly defined" and was implemented in an arbitrary way. It "served no legitimate public interest", the court said. Russia's justice ministry says it will appeal, arguing that the law is aimed "exclusively at protecting the morals and health of children". MP Vitaly Milonov, of the ruling United Russia party, who introduced the original bill into the St Petersburg parliament and which formed the basis of the federal law, told BBC Russian that the court's decision was "anti-national". "It is absolutely harmful, and those who set up this decision are enemies of Europe," he said. The three activists had been found guilty for protesting against the law in 2009-2012 - outside a secondary school in Ryazan, a children's library in Archangel and an administrative building in St Petersburg. The court rejected the Russian government's claim that such a law was needed to protect morality. It found that the government had "failed to demonstrate how freedom of expression on LGBT issues would devalue or otherwise adversely affect actual and existing 'traditional families' or would compromise their future". Such laws, the judges said, "embodied a predisposed bias on the part of a heterosexual majority against a homosexual minority". They ordered Russia to pay each of the activists damages of between €8,000 (£7,000; $8,900) and €20,000. One of the three, Nikolai Alexeyev, hailed the ruling as a "total victory", the BBC's Sarah Rainsford reports from Moscow.
But back in the Indian Ocean island nation, many Tamils are either too scared of official retribution, or too apathetic to mark the second 27 November commemoration since the rebels' defeat last year. The Sri Lankan government has meanwhile been busy destroying the war graves and other memorials for the 20,000 insurgents killed during the three-decade conflict. One such cemetery has been turned into a playground; another in Jaffna was converted into an army camp. And no-one knows what has happened to the records scrupulously kept by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), who are thought to have financially supported the bereaved families. Suresh Premachandiran, an MP from northern Jaffna, says his party, the Tamil National Alliance, has tried in vain to stop the demolition of war cemeteries. "Destroying graves is unacceptable," he said. "Those people who were buried there are humans. They fought for the Tamil people." He continued: "Recently when some Tamil civilians lit lamps to mark a Hindu festival in Kilinochchi, the local police thought they were trying to pay homage to the LTTE war dead and beat up them up." In the past, large numbers of Tamils visited these war graves. In many places, cultural programmes would also take place. But now they're not sure what to do. "Those who lost their relatives would like to remember them," says Selva, a resident of Colombo, who did not want his full name published. "But if they do any kind of public display - like garlanding the photos of people in LTTE uniform, they will be arrested." Sri Lanka's deputy high commissioner in the UK, P M Amza, defended his government's decision to demolish war graves, labelling them a rebel propaganda tool. "We consider the LTTE a terrorist organisation," he said. "We feel all those associated with it form part of terrorism. "There is no evidence to show the LTTE represented collective Tamil aspiration. They have killed many Tamil leaders." Human rights groups say both government forces and the rebels committed crimes against humanity during the conflict. The LTTE were accused of recruiting children and firing at fleeing civilians during the final weeks of war. It is an established fact that the LTTE killed thousands of Tamil youths who joined other armed groups in the early years of the rebellion. But many Tamils who are outspoken about the government's alleged war crimes say little about the charges
They say the rapid test, which looks for a chemical in the blood, would reduce stress for patients, save money and ease pressure on hospital wards. Trials on 6,304 people, published in the Lancet medical journal, suggested it was 99.6% accurate. The British Heart Foundation said the test would produce faster answers without affecting patient safety. About one million people attend A&E departments in the UK with chest pain, only for most of them to be sent home after a sometimes lengthy and anxious stay. They have levels of troponin, a chemical released by damaged heart muscle, tested when they are admitted and again 12 hours later. The new test also looks for troponin, but can detect much lower levels and needs to be done only once. So those given the all-clear can go straight home. The study, led by the University of Edinburgh and taking place in Scottish and US hospitals, estimated that two-thirds of patients could be discharged much more quickly. Dr Atul Anand, one of the researchers and a physician at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, told the BBC News website: "It's really exciting. When you look at patients who come to medical wards with chest pain, 80% are going home 12 hours later. "This avoids the hassle, cost and patient stress." He said the test cost less than Â£10 although not all hospitals currently had the facilities to perform the more sensitive test. However, Dr Anand said it would be "pretty straightforward" to introduce and there was a "clamouring" to do. Last year the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence recommended the NHS uses the more sensitive troponin testing kit however it is unclear when the NHS will move from a double to a single test. By Dominic Hughes, health correspondent Three years ago I woke in the middle of the night with crushing chest pains and was rushed to my local hospital. Once we reached A&E I was given a blood test, looking for the chemical troponin, but the existing test has to be repeated after at least six hours. So there I lay, waiting anxiously for the result, taking up a valuable bed. Like 80% of people with chest pain, it wasn't a heart attack, just a footballing injury gone haywire. But this new test would have saved me some anxious moments, and freed up capacity in a busy A&E. Prof Jeremy Pearson, from
But in recent years it, like many other seaside towns, has struggled. The advent of cheap flights abroad and a recession meant the County Antrim town was forced to reinvent itself from its 1950s heyday. And while the weather this year has been as unstable as the political landscape, neither seem to be putting tourists off spending money, with more visitors from the Republic of Ireland providing a welcome revenue stream. Visitors to the north coast traditionally come from other parts of Northern Ireland, said Naldo Morelli, managing director of Morelli's Ice Cream. "But this year, I suppose with Brexit and the pound weakening a little bit we've noticed more customers from the Republic of Ireland, so that helps too," he said. "The Northern Ireland public are very used to having four seasons in one day, so thankfully for us they eat ice cream no matter the weather." Portrush's reinvention seems to be doing the trick for traders. "Business is up 5% to 10% across the board, certainly the restaurants have been busy," said Ian Donaghey, the president of the Causeway Chamber of Commerce. While the weather is not always kind, this is sometimes actually good for local businesses, added Mr Donaghey. "If the weather is too good it keeps people on the beaches and they don't spend money in the town," he said. "What some of the traders would tell you is that they like a sunny morning and a drizzly afternoon because it drives them into Barry's [amusement arcade] and the restaurants and bars." Portrush's much loved amusements and bucket-and-spade shops are still there, but now their neighbours are trendy coffee shops, restaurants and bars. The town may not have completely shaken off its traditional image, but those who visit do not seem to mind. Business owners hope a mixture of nostalgia and new attractions will keep people visiting the north coast for the rest of this summer season, and for many years to come. It seems that come rain or shine, holidaymakers will always have a soft spot for Portrush.
No international side has toured Bangladesh since 20 people were killed in a siege at a cafe in Dhaka in July. The England and Wales Cricket Board said in August that tour would go ahead following a security review. Jos Buttler will captain the one-day side, with the squads for the one-day and Test series to be named on Friday. The tour features three one-day internationals followed by two Test matches. Morgan has followed his own course, with the assurance ringing in his ears that nothing is going to happen, and I don't see how they can now sack him England director of cricket Andrew Strauss said: "While we understand and respect Eoin and Alex's decision, we are disappointed that they have made themselves unavailable for selection for the Bangladesh tour." He added that no further withdrawals are expected following "open and honest" discussions with all the players. England players Stuart Broad, Moeen Ali, Chris Jordan and Liam Dawson have all publicly said they will tour Bangladesh. Former England captain Michael Vaughan has described Morgan's decision as a "huge mistake", while Nasser Hussain, another ex-skipper of the national side, said Morgan "should be with his team". But team-mate Ben Stokes tweeted his support for both players. England fly out on 29 September, with the one-day series starting on 7 October and the Test series on 20 October. They follow that with a tour of India, which begins on 9 November and features five Tests, three ODIs and three Twenty20s. Morgan, 29, said this week that he would never go on a tour where security concerns may affect his game. "In 2010, we played an Indian Premier League game in Bangalore and a bomb went off in the ground," he said. "We left and went straight to the airport. "Another one was playing domestic cricket in Bangladesh during political elections and things were incredibly violent. Given that no-one has toured there since the terrorist attack adds a bigger decision to it." Bowlers Andrew Caddick and Robert Croft pulled out of England's 2001 tour of India because of safety concerns following the 9/11 attacks in New York. "I was adamant I didn't want to go and stuck to what I thought was right," Caddick told BBC Radio 5 live's Sportsweek programme before Morgan and Hales made their announcement on Sunday. "It's slightly different now. The security they implement in world cricket is
Agricultural produce and cosmetics sold in EU member states must now have clear labels showing their place of origin. Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu said the EU "should be ashamed of itself". The EU considers settlements built on territories occupied by Israel in 1967 to be illegal under international law, but Israel disputes this position. The EU says settlements constitute an obstacle to peace and threaten to make a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict impossible. Mr Netanyahu, who was in Washington on an official visit, called the decision "hypocritical and a double standard". The Israeli foreign ministry has summoned the EU ambassador to Israel and said it would suspend diplomatic dialogue in the coming weeks. At a meeting in Brussels on Wednesday, the European Commission adopted an "interpretative notice on indication of origin of goods from the territories occupied by Israel since June 1967". The Commission says the territories comprise the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights, which were captured from Syria. Mandatory indication of origin applies notably to fresh fruit and vegetables, wine, honey, olive oil, eggs, poultry, organic products and cosmetics. Voluntary indication of origin applies to pre-packaged foodstuffs and the majority of industrial products. For products from West Bank or the Golan Heights that originate from settlements, the expression "Israeli settlement" or equivalent needs to be added, in brackets, for example. So, "product from the Golan Heights (Israeli settlement)" or "product from West Bank (Israeli settlement)" could be used. Products from the West Bank not originating from settlements could be labelled "product from Palestine" or "product from West Bank (Palestinian product)". Source: European Commission factsheet Since 2009, the UK has implemented voluntary guidelines for labelling, which distinguishes West Bank produce made in Israeli settlements from Palestinian West Bank produce. Similar guidelines have been put in place by Denmark and Belgium. An EU source told the BBC that the labels would have to include the word "settlement", as under EU consumer law it would be misleading to simply mark them as products from Israel or from the Palestinian territories. The source said this was not a new obligation or a political decision, but designed to clarify member states' obligations to ensure consumers are fully informed. The EU, the source added, does not view the occupied territories as legally part of Israel, so products from there cannot be labelled as from Israel
The programme, coming a decade after the original Planet Earth was broadcast, has been, by all accounts, a truly extraordinary series. Ratings show the series has been watched by all age groups, with surprisingly large numbers of young people tuning in to watch the programme live every week. The series has become Internet Movie Database's highest-rated television programme of all time. Here are just a few of the things we've learned from Planet Earth II. 1. Flamingos don't get sunburned In the Mountains episode, we saw flamingos become trapped in ice overnight, only to be freed when the sun finally came up. Later, we saw them gather together in a group to go on parade in a peculiar courtship ritual - providing BBC One with some excellent new idents in the process. 2. Sloths like to swim (especially if there is a pretty sloth waiting at the other side of the lake) Sadly the female sloth being pursued in the Islands episode already had a baby and therefore wouldn't be mating again for another six months - but full marks for effort to this enthusiastic chap. 3. Sir David Attenborough can present from a hot air balloon at the age of 90 The prospect of going to a freezing cold climate, climbing into a hot air balloon and trying not to shiver too much as a camera is pointed at you would be daunting for most of us. But not, apparently, for Sir David, who is still able to do this with ease despite being in his 10th decade. 4. Watching iguanas being pursued by snakes is more exciting than any James Bond car chase we've ever seen Watching animals chase other animals in this series can be a confusing experience - do you root for the animal being pursued, because you don't want them to die, or the predator giving chase, because you don't want them to starve? Either way - there's no denying such encounters are extremely exhilarating (and traumatising). 5. Men are more attractive when they tidy up a bit The Wilson's bird-of-paradise in the Jungles episode set an example to us all. The brightly-coloured bird tidied up all the leaves from one patch of the forest floor so his bright feathers would stand out more and attract a mate. Far be it from us to suggest that humans could learn from this, of course. 6. Baloo
The SPFL has set up a working group to examine the issue of unacceptable conduct. And it is understood that they would seek financial assistance from the Scottish government. The facial recognition system was mentioned at a meeting of all 42 clubs on Tuesday. The debate over the extent to which clubs should be held accountable for the conduct of their followers has been sparked by recent incidents involving Rangers, Celtic and Dundee United supporters. Hibernian's visit to Ibrox on 28 December was marred by sectarian chants from the home end, while there were complaints of sectarian songs during Celtic's Scottish Cup trip to Stranraer. Celtic and Dundee United have both condemned their own fans for setting off pyrotechnics. SPFL board member Mike Mulraney revealed there was not appetite to introduce new strict liability rules. The Alloa chairman said there is "no chance whatsoever" of clubs agreeing to regulations that could see them punished for the conduct of supporters regardless of whether the club itself is to blame. A spokesman for the league body said: "The SPFL is working with government and other partners with the aim of establishing a workable solution to help rid our football grounds of unacceptable conduct. "This work is at an early stage and is not being led by any one club. "The issue of unacceptable conduct is something that the SPFL, its board and its member clubs are absolutely committed to addressing. "Recognising that certain behaviours are for society to face and address as a whole, we believe football can take a leading role in moving this issue forward for Scottish society." The prospect of facial recognition technology has been met with scepticism from the Scottish Football Supporters' Association. Chairman Simon Barrow said the fans' group is concerned by "a rushed move towards intrusive surveillance". He added: "There needs to be careful consultation with fans and clubs, alongside wider consideration of how to deal effectively and proportionately with threatening and insulting behaviour. "The best way forward will involve working with the great majority of supporters who deplore such abuses, rather than making them feel under accusation themselves."
Knowsley Safari Park confirmed 18-year-old Kenya was attacked by females in the pride. Despite the efforts of keepers to separate them, he sustained multiple injuries and was put down. The park said it was "the most necessary and humane course of action" to avoid any further stress and suffering to Kenya. In a statement, the park said the attack indicated his place as pride male was "no longer secure". The statement said it was "natural behaviour" for a pride when the male is "no longer able to maintain the grace of the females". Although there was no prior indication of an attack, staff were all prepared for when the "unpleasant event should arrive". They added that no members of the public were in their vehicles at the time of the attack. In the wild, male lions are in their prime between five and 10. Kenya, at 18, was "an old man". He arrived at Knowsley from Longleat in 2003.
Media playback is not supported on this device Champion jockey AP McCoy was denied a fairytale Aintree farewell, finishing fifth on favourite Shutthefrontdoor. Aspell, who won in 2014 aboard Pineau De Re, steered his 25-1 shot to the front three fences from home and then held off the challenge of Saint Are to win by a length and three-quarters. Monbeg Dude finished third and Alvarado came in fourth. Aspell, 38, becomes the first jockey since Brian Fletcher on Red Rum in 1973 and 1974 to win back-to-back Nationals, while it was a third success for 79-year-old owner Trevor Hemmings, who has previously won with Hedgehunter and Ballabriggs. Aspell said: "It was wonderful and we will certainly celebrate tonight. I asked some big questions, but he dug deep. "We really refreshed and recharged his battery and I tried to conserve energy. He is all heart. All season, he has had hard races. Win lose or draw, that's the best ride I have had in the National. I just hoped his battery life lasted out and it did." McCoy appeared well placed in the latter stages, but Shutthefrontdoor tired badly from the elbow. "I thought from the third-last fence I was running on empty," McCoy said. "I will miss riding horses and races like that. I thought for a long way he could win. It was my last National but was a very enjoyable one." The Northern Irishman had said he would retire immediately if he had won, but the 40-year-old could now race on until the Sandown meeting at the end of April. Winning trainer Oliver Sherwood was in tears after his decision to run Many Clouds was vindicated. The eight-year-old was a disappointing sixth in last month's Cheltenham Gold Cup after winning the Hennessy Gold Cup at Newbury in November and scoring at Cheltenham in January. Many Clouds becomes the youngest winner of the National since Bindaree in 2002 and at 11st 9lb, the heaviest winner since Red Rum. He also won £561,300 for Hemmings out of a total prize fund of £1m. About 72,000 spectators turned out on a sunny day at Aintree to watch the 168th running of the National. McCoy had been strongly backed in the lead-up to the race - with more money wagered on this National than any other horse race - and bookmakers had feared a £50m pay-out if he had claimed his second
Despite stringent carbon emissions targets in Europe designed to slow global warming and massive investment in renewable energy in China, demand for this most ancient source of energy is greater than ever. In fact, coal was the fastest growing form of energy in the world outside renewables last year, with production up 6% on 2010, twice the rate of increase of gas and more than four times that of oil. Consumption data paints a similar picture, while figures for this year are set to tell the same story. There are a number of drivers behind coal's renaissance, many of which may be short lived. Others will push demand ever higher for decades to come. Coal consumption in Europe, where governments have been at the forefront of the push to curb carbon dioxide emissions, has risen sharply in recent years. Why? Because it's cheap, and getting cheaper all the time. Due to the economic downturn, there has been what Paul McConnell, senior analyst at energy research group Wood Mackenzie, calls a "collapse in industrial demand for energy". This has led to an oversupply of coal, pushing the price down. It has also led to a massive surfeit of CO2 emissions permits, pushing the price of carbon, and therefore the cost of coal production, sharply lower. Equally important, there has been a huge influx of cheap coal from the US, where the discovery of shale gas has provided an even cheaper alternative energy source. The coal has to go somewhere, so it's exported to Europe. Finally, higher non-shale, natural gas prices are making coal an attractive alternative. As Laszlo Varro, head of gas, coal and power markets at the International Energy Agency (IEA), says: "All parameters favour coal." So much so that "coal is [now] being burned as the baseload fuel across most of Europe," says Gareth Carpenter, associate editor at global energy information provider Platts. Germany's decision to scrap all nuclear power and build more coal-fired power stations can only boost production further. Just how long coal's resurgence lasts depends to some extent on the global economic recovery and the ability of governments to implement a system that finally delivers a meaningful carbon price. But, in the meantime, legislation passed more than a decade ago will severely curb coal production over the coming years, according to Mr Varro. The full impact of the EU's Large Combustion Plant Directive, which is designed
The pair collided while attempting to take a catch during Sunday's T20 Blast game with Sussex at Arundel. The match was abandoned after ambulances took them from the field. Australia international Henriques, 28, broke his jaw in three places, while Burns, 24, had cuts around his left eye that required stitches. Surrey announced on Twitter on Monday that the pair were "in decent shape". And a further update from the club on Twitter 24 hours later read: "More good news on the lads - Moises has now been released from hospital and will see a dental specialist tomorrow. He's improving slowly!" Burns, meanwhile, tweeted his thanks "to all the medical staff" who treated the pair and his hope that his club colleague "keeps progressing well." Team-mate Kevin Pietersen, who was in the field at the time of the collision, said the incident deeply affected the team. "I kept thinking one of the guys will call. Then you think one will stop but then bang, bang. It was absolutely sickening," Pietersen told the Daily Telegraph. "When those guys went down and did not move it hit some of our guys very hard. "It was the right decision to abandon the match. We had lost two of our players, a lot of players were crying in the dressing room and it is only a game of cricket." Director of cricket Alec Stewart also posted a picture on Twitter of Burns smiling in his hospital bed. Henriques, who has played three Tests, six one-day internationals and four T20 games for Australia, joined Surrey in April as an overseas player for their T20 Blast campaign. Surrey-born Burns, a left-handed batsman and occasional wicketkeeper, made his first-class debut for the county in 2012. Surrey's County Championship game with Glamorgan began as scheduled on Monday.
After seizing alleged collaborators of the gang, including the mother of the leader "El Tequilero", the locals have recorded video messages for the gang. "In return for my husband's life, I will deliver your mother," says the kidnap victim's wife in one video, which has been broadcast on local TV. Police have been sent to the village. "We have your mother here, mister known as El Tequilero," says Yadira Guillermo Garcia, whose husband, an engineer, was seized by the gang, addressing the gang leader. "I request an exchange.... I want him safe and sound." In another video, residents of San Miguel Totolapan, carrying guns, explain that they have suffered for too long from the violence and intimidation meted out by El Tequilero and his gang, which is feared for carrying out mass kidnappings. "They have humiliated us, they have killed our families and we won't let it happen again," one of them says. Police have been trying to track down El Tequilero, whose real name is Raybel Jacobo de Almonte, for weeks now. At the end of November, police used helicopters to search the mountainous area in Guerrero state where he is believed to be hiding but failed to catch him. The governor of Guerrero state, Arturo Astudillo, said more than 200 police officers and soldiers had been sent to San Miguel Totolapan to defuse the stand-off. He said the villagers had released five of the people they were holding but that El Tequilero's mother was not among them. Guerrero state officials said that a team had been set up to negotiate between the vigilantes and the gang. "The goal of the team is to ensure that no injury is done to the missing person, nor to the mother of the head of the Tequileros gang, who has apparently been taken by the self-defence forces," a statement read. Guerrero state is a hotbed of gangs and violent crime, where local gangs fight for control of the opium trade, and disappearances and kidnapping for ransom are common. In a number of towns and villages, residents have created vigilante groups in response, but human rights groups say these have only further contributed to the spiral of violence.
It fell from 170th best ranked university in the world in 2014/15 to 182nd in the QS World University Rankings for 2015/16. Ulster University, meanwhile, was ranked in a band from 551-600 in 2015/16, similar to last year. The QS rankings are one of the most authoritative rankings of universities across the globe. The ratings are based on a number of factors, including evaluating each university's strengths in research, teaching, academic reputation, staff to student ratio and the number of international staff and students. However, QS said it has changed its methodology slightly this year to counteract a bias in favour of universities specialising in life sciences and to better reflect the qualities of institutions focusing on other areas. The other main global ranking table for universities is the Times Higher Education system, which is due next month. Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the USA was rated the world's top university in 2015/16, followed by Harvard in second place, with Stanford and the University of Cambridge in joint third place. The UK had 30 universities, including Queen's University, in the world's top 200. In the UK alone, QUB was ranked 29th, while Ulster University was ranked 56th.
Ben Purdy, 18, was shot in the head in Bermondsey after confronting his girlfriend's ex, Michael Bagnall, about "threatening" messages. Bagnall, 22, of Hospital Way, Lewisham, must serve at least 28 years. His uncle Andrew Bayne, 37, of Trundleys Terrace, Lewisham was sentenced to at least 30 years. During the trial at the Old Bailey, jurors heard that they both suffered from learning disabilities, but Judge Christopher Moss said they were still "able to organise and carry out this dreadful murder". As they were led from the dock, Bagnall launched into a tirade of abuse at the judge and shouted out "I'm glad he's dead" in the courtroom packed with Ben's family. In a statement, Ben's mother, Joanne Treston-Smith, said: "The void that Ben's death has left will never be filled. We will always have him missing in our lives." The court heard that the murder followed a feud between Michael Bagnall and the victim, who was going out with the Bagnall's ex-girlfriend. Bagnall was said to have resented the new relationship and sent the girl "threatening messages" by phone or Facebook. On the day of his murder, Ben Purdy decided to confront Bagnall, tracking him down in which led to a "skirmish" in Bermondsey, south London. After that encounter, the jury heard Bagnall and and his uncle Andrew Bayne decided Mr Purdy needed to be "taught a lesson". The pair armed themselves with a self loading pistol and an array of other weapons and got in a car to scour the streets for Mr Purdy and his friends. When they caught up with them, Bayne shot Mr Purdy in the head on 23 November 2014. He died in hospital the next day.
A "concrete plan" was in place for the operation over the eastern city of Deir al-Zour, said Jan Egeland, who chairs a humanitarian taskforce. Convoys of UN trucks on Wednesday began delivering much-needed aid to 80,000 people in five other besieged areas. The UN says 200,000 residents remain besieged in parts of Deir al-Zour. "It's a complicated operation and would be in many ways the first of its kind," Egeland said of the air drops. The UN will work with the Syrian Arab Red Crescent and other local groups to drop aid by parachute for distribution, World Food Programme spokeswoman Bettina Luescher said. She did not specify when the air drops would begin but said a single aircraft would be used initially. The World Food Programme had previously ruled out humanitarian air drops in Syria due to the complexities of obtaining use of airspace, organising distribution on the ground, and finding suitable drop zones. The UK government also said air drops were "high risk and should only be considered as a last resort when all other means have failed". But Egeland said the strategy was the only way to feed people in Deir al-Zour. "It is either air drops or nothing. Air drops are a desperate measure in desperate times," he told Reuters. Speaking after a meeting of the 17-member International Syria Support Group (ISSG), he also said that UN aid was expected to reach all of Syria's 18 besieged areas within a week. The UN believes more than 480,000 Syrians are living in besieged areas, with four million more people in so-called "hard-to-reach" areas. All parties to the conflict are believed to have used siege warfare - where military forces surround an area and cut off essential supplies - in breach of international law. On Wednesday, aid trucks reached rebel-held Muadhamiya and Madaya, near Damascus, and pro-government northern villages of Foah and Kefraya. Another town, Zabadani, was reached later. The supplies, which included some medical supplies, are expected to last for about a month. The deliveries were part of an agreement approved by the ISSG that world powers hope will lead to a "cessation of hostilities" by Friday. The agreement does not apply to the fight against IS or al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, and offensives by Syrian government forces and Kurdish militia fighters on rebel-held areas of the northern province of Aleppo have dimmed hopes of a truce.
The billionaire's 58th floor residence in Trump Tower offers stunning views of the Manhattan skyline and has been decorated in a "Louis XIV style" decked in gold and marble. Photos of the penthouse, published by the Daily Mail, show enormous chandeliers, plush sofas, and gold-encrusted Corinthian columns. Mr Trump once told biographer Michael D'Antoni about his penthouse, expressing great pride in its construction. "This is a very complex unit. Building this unit, if you look at the columns and the carvings, this building, this unit was harder than building the building itself." And, according to the New York Times, Mr Trump has been speaking with advisers about how many nights a week he would spend in the White House, saying he would like to spend time in New York when he can. The business mogul is reportedly a homebody who flew long hours during the campaign just to sleep in his own bed. It is unclear if Mr Trump, his wife Melania and the couple's 10-year-old son, Barron, who is currently halfway through his school year, will live at the White House. But if he opted out of his presidential quarters he would certainly turn Washington's historical status quo on its head. The White House is seen as a symbol of American history and tradition and has been occupied by every office holder since John Adams, America's second president. In 1902, the president's offices were relocated to the building's second floor, making the commute to a busy job a bit easier. The White House is a quick two miles from the Capitol building where the US Congress is held - Trump Tower happens to be over 220 miles away. Also, if Mr Trump chooses to reside in New York he could greatly disrupt city traffic. New Yorkers frequently take to social media in frustration when President Obama's motorcade disrupts the city's busy grid. Whenever the president travels, roads are blocked, traffic can back up for miles and delays can last hours, but this would be exacerbated in a crowded city like New York. Then there is the issue of security. On election night, the US Federal Aviation Administration established a no-fly zone over midtown Manhattan until 21 January, the day after the US presidential inauguration. The directive cites "VIP movement" as the reason behind the flying ban, which prohibits planes, helicopters and drones from flying below 3,000ft and within a
Ryan Lock, 20, from Chichester in West Sussex, died on 21 December during a battle for the IS group's stronghold of Raqqa. He was fighting as a volunteer with the Kurdish armed fighting forces, the YPG. The YPG told the BBC that "trace of a gunshot wound was found under the chin", suggesting suicide. Sources said five fighters came under siege by IS - also known as ISIS - in the village of Ja'bar, and they showed "considerable resistance" before they were killed. After the bodies were retrieved examinations showed that "it seems that the British fighter committed suicide in order not to fall captive with Isis". A report said the gunshot wound indicated "that the gun made contact with the bottom of the chin". "This suggests that the fighter committed suicide," it concluded. Kurdish rights activist Mark Campbell, from KurdishQuestion.com, told BBC South: "Ryan Lock may very well have turned his own gun upon himself rather than be taken prisoner by ISIS. "There are no words to describe the bravery required to take such an action. "ISIS were robbed of a predictable macabre propaganda opportunity by Ryan's action. "I personally believe he deserves the very highest of military honours for such outstanding bravery in the face of such a barbaric enemy." Mr Lock, a chef, had travelled to Syria in August having told friends and family he was going on holiday to Turkey. Earlier on Tuesday his body was transported into Iraq in preparation to be flown back to the UK. In a statement to the BBC, his father Jon Plater, from Chichester, said: "Since we heard the devastating news of Ryan, it's been pretty tough, especially the difficulties surrounding the repatriation. "We are grateful to the YPG for bringing him home." Mr Lock's body had been in the hands of IS militants. The volunteer, who attended school in Havant, Hampshire, became the third British man to die fighting alongside the Kurds against so-called Islamic State. The Foreign Office continues to advise against all travel to Syria.
Northumberland County Council is planning to scrap Haydon Bridge station as well as downsizing West Harton Community Station. Dave Ledger, chairman of the Northumberland Fire and Rescue Authority, said the council had "no choice" but to make the cuts. The council also plans to scrap engines in Ponteland, Seahouses and Wooler and replace them with smaller appliances. It has to save £500,000 on top of £1.5m cuts and has just finished a three-month consultation on its proposals. The authority said a number of concerns had been raised, including how the county would cope in the face of further flooding when fire crews are called to help. During the consultation it received three petitions, 84 online responses and 76 letters raising concerns over the plans, a spokesman said. Mr Ledger, who is also the deputy Labour leader of Northumberland County Council, said: "To say I am concerned about the future is an understatement. "We simply have no choice. The Government keeps saying we have choices - well I'd like them to tell us what the choices are." The fire service has 88 full-time firefighters and 180 on-call officers in the county. A full cabinet meeting will be held on 21 March when a final decision will be made. Mr Ledger added: "Should the recommendation be approved, we will continue to have 21 emergency response vehicles and, through the introduction of smaller fire appliances, in some areas we will be able to increase the cover we provide."
The country has never had a sitting US president visit before, and understandably there's a sense of enormous pride. For the Americans, this is a golden opportunity to gain some leverage at a time when security threats posed by the Somali Islamist group al-Shabab bind both nations together. From a personal standpoint, it's a time for Mr Obama to build on his legacy here. Without doubt, President Obama is trying to "recalibrate" the relationship between America and Kenya after some difficult diplomatic times. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta was up until recently indicted by the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague for charges relating to a previous election. That proved problematic for the US president, whose envoy warned Mr Kenyatta as he campaigned for the presidency back in 2013 that there would be "consequences" as a result of not trying to clear his name first. Months later, Mr Obama delivered a significant snub to Kenya, bypassing the country altogether during his last African tour. It was deeply felt here in Kenya. Ordinary Kenyans saw it as a personal affront, and the diplomatic sidestepping was met with a ratcheting up of anti-Western sentiment by the Kenyan leadership. But the charges against Mr Kenyatta have now been dropped, in part due to the Kenyan government's apparent "lack of co-operation" with the court. It would appear that all is forgiven, and the words of warmth have returned. Mr Kenyatta confirmed as much in a pre-visit briefing, when he made it clear his US guest was expected to meet his deputy, William Ruto, who still has charges from the ICC hanging over his head. The imperative of working to defeat terrorism would appear to trump matters of international justice. In diplomatic speak, they call it "essential contact". Mr Kenyatta said "the fight against terror will be central" to bilateral talks, and pointed out that Kenya had "been working in very close collaboration with American agencies" and was expecting to "strengthen" ties during the visit. That policy of appeasement is certainly something many security watchers in Kenya have sensed. Peter Alling'o, from the Institute of Security in Nairobi, believes the US is seeking to restore close relations with Kenya, in order to gain a stronger foothold in the region's security apparatus in the face of al-Shabab attacks. It may also help to ensure a few more contracts go America's way. China and its eastern neighbours
The coin, said to date from the dawn of English Christianity, was unearthed in East Grafton by a metal detectorist. Richard Bishop, from auctioneers Spink and Sons, said the final sale price was a "magnificent achievement" for such a "small but perfectly formed gold thrymsa". Wiltshire Museum bought the coin after a fundraising campaign. It features a head motif with a Christian cross and is believed to have been struck in modern-day France. Experts believe it was in circulation just after the burial of King Raedwald at Sutton Hoo around AD 625. Only five examples of this type of coin have ever been found. Wiltshire Museum director David Dawson, said they were "delighted" to have bought the "important coin", which he said will help experts understand the importance of the Vale of Pewsey and the Kingdom of Wessex in the Saxon period. The museum had donations from all over the world, including grants from Arts Council England, Victoria and Albert Purchase Grant Fund and the Art Fund. Stephen Deuchar, director of the Art Fund, said: "Very few coins of such quality exist...  It's a wonderful addition to the museum's collection."
Turker Bayram's InstaAgent app was pulled from Apple and Google's stores after another developer flagged it was copying users' names and passwords for the photo-sharing service. But although InstaAgent used the logins, Mr Bayram denies saving them. One expert said sending the passwords to an unknown server was still "highly unorthodox". InstaAgent had topped the free app charts in several countries, including the UK, before it was blocked. The software promised to let users see who had viewed their Instagram profiles. But on Tuesday, David Layer-Reiss - a German iOS developer - posted a series of tweets that included evidence InstaAgent was "hacking" people's details. Mr Bayram failed to explain his actions when he was phoned by the BBC the next day, but later posted a statement online in broken English. In it, he said he had been working on a new way to promote the service. The app had charged people a fee if they wanted to see more than three people who had looked at their pictures. Mr Bayram explained he had been working on a feature that would have unlocked full access for free if device owners let an advert for InstaAgent appear in their feeds, but said he had decided not to activate it. "It was not a good idea," he acknowledged. "We didn't publish because we learned that Instagram wasn't allowing private APIs [application program interfaces] for third-party applications' usage." He added, however, that for reasons he "couldn't understand" the code still started posting the ads to some people's accounts. "It was a terrible experience for us. Because our application has removed both mobile markets," he wrote. But he said people who had downloaded the app should not be concerned. "Nobody's account [was] stolen. Your password [was] never saved [to] unauthorised servers. "But again and again we apologise... [and in the future] we must read service providers' policies carefully." Instagram - which is owned by Facebook - has advised users against using such bolt-on services. "Anyone who has downloaded this app should delete it and change their password," a spokeswoman said. Security consultant Alan Woodward added that he still had concerns. "Offering users an app to see who has viewed their profile is a classic way of scamming users into installing malware," he said. "For a third-party app to send your password to an external server is at best a way of circumventing the policy
From 1 April, there will be a three-year ban on killing fish outside estuary limits and strict controls on numbers in inland waters. The SNP's Joan McAlpine hailed a "reprieve" for haaf netting methods. However, Labour's Elaine Murray called it a "guesswork decision" while Conservative Alex Fergusson criticised the failure to delay the regulations. Concerns had previously been raised about the impact of the controls on the historic tradition of haaf netting on the Solway Firth which dates back to Viking times. Ms McAlpine claimed the regulations recognised the "unique cultural heritage" of the pursuit. She said Scottish government officials would work on a scientific project which would allow some salmon to be caught. "Nobody knows these stocks better than the haaf netters who have been working the Solway for generations," she said. "So they are ideally placed to participate in a project gathering evidence about fish numbers and other conservation material." She said the details of the plans had still to be revealed but she would be pressing for an early meeting with fishermen. Ms Murray said the regulations threatened the future of angling clubs as well as haaf-netting and related tourism. "Haaf netters and anglers across Dumfriesshire will find it extremely difficult to forgive or forget this disastrous order which has been pushed through by the Scottish government," she said. "What makes things worse is that there has been simply no proper scientific evidence given by the government to back up their decision to introduce a blanket ban on salmon taking in our region." She added that despite the offer of "belated scientific studies" there would be no direct compensation to counter the loss of earnings. "The ban will be felt in every part of the region, as fishing tourism will likely fall, something which is absolutely crucial for rural economies like ours," she said. Mr Fergusson tabled a motion to annul the measures but it was voted down. "It is clear that many stakeholders feel that the scientific basis for these measures is seriously unsound and that the measures are being pushed in order to be seen to be 'doing something'," he said. "My motion to annul the measures was simply designed to delay conservation measures being introduced in order to give the Scottish government time to bring forward a more robust scientific basis for them in a way that would ensure the buy-in of all stakeholders
Willie Boy O'Neill, three, and Tojo O'Neill, two, formerly of Caldon Road, were last seen on 3 August. They are believed to be in the company of their parents, Claire Watson, 32 and 39-year-old Robert O'Neill (39). The children were reported missing after council officials became concerned for their welfare after failing to contact the family. Willie Boy is described as being of slim build with fair hair, whilst Tojo is stocky with fair hair. Since being reported missing to police last week, officers have made extensive inquiries in England - where there are family connections - to trace the family. So far, there have been no positive sightings of the children, except for the whole family being seen together within the Rivergate Shopping Centre in Irvine at 14:45 on Sunday 3 August. Police have appealed for anyone with information about the children's whereabouts to contact them urgently.
The conservationists have described it as a major milestone, there are thought to be about 70,000 coins in the hoard. By the end of the day on Friday the team had removed 55,014 coins, 63 more than the previous largest Roman Cunetio hoard found in Wiltshire. The team are clearing the coins in view of the public in a special laboratory at La Hougue Bie Museum in Grouville. The Jersey Heritage team has spent two years removing the coins one by one from the hoard discovered by two metal detector enthusiasts in 2012. The value of the hoard will not be known until next year when the States will have to decide whether to pay to keep it in the island.
David Cameron is thought to favour a question along these lines for the referendum on the UK's European Union membership. The prime minister is said to believe this would allow those who want Britain to remain in the EU to style themselves as the Yes campaign. "It is the Bob the Builder philosophy," says Matt Qvortrup, professor of applied political science at Coventry University. The referendum question must: "It is the 'Yes we can' mood that was used by Obama. It is an attempt to be the positive campaign because nobody likes to be seen as negative." Maybe the government has learnt lessons from last year's Scottish independence referendum, where the Yes campaign was widely acknowledged to be the more positive one. "It was all about taking a chance, let's do this. It was about hope and possibility," Prof Qvortrup says. Former SNP leader Alex Salmond, who led the Scottish independence campaign, told BBC Newsnight last week: "You certainly should not fool about with the question. It should be straightforward and honest. But the Yes side is important. "If you want to embrace a positive vision of staying in Europe you want to be Yes." In 1975 when Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson held the last referendum on the UK in Europe, one of his slogans was 'Say No to the No men'. Prof Qvortrup says Wilson ran his campaign as a vote for Yes and characterised No voters as grumpy naysayers like Tony Benn and Enoch Powell. Maybe UKIP leader Nigel Farage will be able to persuade people that his campaign to leave the EU is about a new dawn and a fresh start for the UK, but he will be fighting against the negative implications of a No campaign. In the run-up to last year's Scottish independence referendum both sides agreed that the Electoral Commission should scrutinise the SNP government's preferred "yes/no" question: "Do you agree that Scotland should be an independent country?" The elections watchdog tweaked those words and reported that the question should be: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" The commission said the question must be presented clearly, simply and neutrally. The Scottish government agreed to changing the question when the commission reported its findings. The question thought to be favoured by Mr Cameron does not use the word "agree", which is very common in referendums worldwide, according to Prof Qvortrup. The possible wording is
17 March 2017 Last updated at 09:23 GMT A BBC team and some tourists were on the mountain when the explosion happened. BBC science reporter Rebecca Morelle described the experience of "Running down a mountain pelted by rocks, dodging burning boulders  and boiling steam." Mount Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world, it's been erupting for the last three weeks. Mount Etna erupts a few times a year.
Abel Hernandez was the hero for the hosts, scoring twice on his first start since injuring his groin against Southampton on 6 November. That match against the Saints was the final league victory under Silva's predecessor Mike Phelan, who was dismissed on 3 January with the team bottom of the league. Hull have now won twice in three games under former Olympiakos and Sporting Lisbon boss Silva, having beaten Swansea in the FA Cup third round a week ago. Tyrone Mings' own goal added gloss to the scoreline for Hull, who took a long time to grow into the match after falling behind to Junior Stanislas' third-minute penalty, awarded for Harry Maguire's challenge on Ryan Fraser and the 10th the Tigers have conceded in 21 games this season. Bournemouth have now shipped three goals in eight of their last 10 games in all competitions, and drop to 11th place after their 10th defeat of the campaign. It has been a bleak winter for Hull so far and the loss of £10m striker Hernandez to injury certainly contributed to their plight. The Tigers went nine games without a win during his absence, dropping them to the bottom of the table by Christmas and culminating in the departure of Phelan early in the new year. His return has coincided with the appointment of Silva, and it has quickly become apparent that the influence of both could prove vital in turning Hull's season around. The 26-year-old's goal against Swansea in the cup was a timely reminder of the ability that brought him 20 goals in Hull's promotion campaign last season, and his first against Bournemouth bore all the predatory instincts that the hosts have been missing these past few weeks. Huge credit must go to Andrew Robertson for the quality of his cross from the left wing, which presented Hernandez with a headed chance from around a yard out that he simply could not miss. The second was more of a self-made effort, the Uruguay international picking the ball up on the right, advancing into the area and selling a couple of cute stepovers to Mings before curling a precise finish into the left-hand corner. Media playback is not supported on this device It was a huge result for Hull but also a significant one for the visitors, who have now conceded 24 goals in their last 10 league and cup games. Their
The Australian and Malaysian governments say the search will now focus on an area 1,100km (684 miles) north-east of the previous zone. The move was based on further analysis of radar data that showed the plane was going faster, thus using more fuel. The Beijing-bound airliner disappeared on 8 March with 239 people on board. Malaysian officials have concluded that, based on satellite data, it flew into the sea somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean. So far no trace of it has been found. Search efforts had until Friday morning focused on an area some 2,500km (1,550 miles) to the south-west of the Australian city of Perth. Did previous photos show plane debris? Using satellite images, several nations have identified objects floating in the sea in that search area, but these have not been located and there is no evidence that they are related to the plane. John Young, general manager of Amsa's emergency response division, said that teams had "moved on" from that area based on the new information. Acting Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said that the fact that the search area had moved did not discount the earlier satellite images of possible debris further south. "Because of ocean drift, this new search area could still be consistent with the potential objects identified by various satellite images over the past week," Mr Hussein said. A statement from Amsa - which is co-ordinating the search - said the new information had come from the international investigation team in Malaysia. This was based on "continuing analysis of radar data between the South China Sea and the Strait of Malacca before radar contact was lost", Amsa said. "It indicated that the aircraft was travelling faster than previously estimated, resulting in increased fuel usage and reducing the possible distance the aircraft travelled south into the Indian Ocean." It said that the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) had determined that this was "the most credible lead to where debris may be located". The new search area is about 1,850km west of Perth and covers some 319,000 sq km (123,000 sq miles). Mr Young, of Amsa, said it represented the "best estimate of the area in which the aircraft is likely to have entered the ocean" and took account of possible drift. The new search area was outside the "roaring forties" bad weather zone, meaning conditions were likely to be better. Aircraft would also
Both sides have already qualified for the semi-finals the winners of Group A face Zamalek of Egypt while the runners-up will play South Africa's Mamelodi Sundowns. Wydad know they need just a point to top the table and will take encouragement from their comfortable 2-0 win over Zesco in Morocco two months ago. Coached by former Real Madrid manager and Liverpool striker John Toshack, Wydad top Group A with 10 points despite a mid-group crisis. After wins over Asec Mimosas of the Ivory Coast and Zesco, the Moroccans only took one point from a possible six off struggling Al Ahly of Egypt. Wydad then battled to translate dominance over Asec at home into goals until Congo Brazzaville-born Fabrice Ondama scored in the final minute to secure a 2-1 win. That result, and Zesco holding record eight-time African champions Ahly 2-2 away, eliminated the Egyptian and Ivorian clubs. Zesco have exceeded expectations by reaching the semi-finals although coach George Lwandamina remains worried about concentration lapses in defence. "Our defence has a tendency to fall asleep after we score and this allows  opponents back into matches," said Lwandamina, who doubles as the caretaker  national coach. What Zesco do boast are consistent goal  scorers with Idris Mbombo from the DR Congo scoring five in this Champions League campaign. Clatous Chama and Kenyan Jesse Were have notched four each and John Ching'andu three. Failing to reach the semi-finals cost Ahly coach and former Tottenham Hotspur manager Martin Jol his job amid safety concerns. Assistant coach Ossama Orabi has taken charge for the meaningless midweek  match against 1998 champions ASEC at Stade Robert Champroux in Abidjan. Another fixture where only pride is at stake involves already-eliminated  Enyimba of Nigeria and Sundowns in Port Harcourt. Zamalek have a bye as Entente  Setif of Algeria were disqualified.
The relegation-threatened Harriers took the lead when Keith Lowe headed in Ben Whitfield's corner, before Harry White drove in a second six minutes later. Arthur Gnahoua added a third with a neat finish from inside the box after great midfield approach play. Kristian Dennis pulled a goal back late on with a free-kick, but Macclesfield have now suffered four straight losses. Kidderminster are now 23rd in the table, seven points from safety.
Milk will replace sugar as the treat's main ingredient, as the white stuff content is boosted from 26%  to 37.5%. Nestle said the new recipe bars - with sugar cut by 0.7g - will be in stores by the end of the month. It follows a similar move with its KitKat recipe, which increased the milk and cocoa content. The Milkybar recipe has been the same since the bar first came into production in 1936, but is being changed as part of Public Health England's drive to reduce the amount of sugar consumed in the UK by 20%. In April Nestle reduced the amount of sugar in its fruit pastilles by 30%. A spokesman said the reductions in sugar would make "a positive step overall to removing sugar from the nation's diet while maintaining the taste"
Jume Tahir, 74, was reportedly stabbed after he led early morning prayers at the Id Kah mosque on Wednesday. His killing came two days after dozens of people were reportedly killed or injured in clashes with police in Yarkant county, in the same prefecture. The reasons for his death remain unclear. But the BBC's Damian Grammaticas in Beijing says Mr Tahir, who was from Xinjiang's mainly Muslim Uighur ethnic minority, was a vocal and public supporter of Chinese policies in the region. Radio Free Asia quoted an unnamed shopowner near Id Kah as saying he saw a body lying in a pool of blood front of the mosque in the morning and police clearing a huge crowd that had gathered. He was told the body was that of Mr Tahir. A hasty burial was conducted by the late afternoon and the funeral procession was heavily guarded by military and police, according to The Los Angeles Times . Shortly after his death, police sealed off roads in and out of Kashgar and cut internet and text messaging links to other parts of China. Those restrictions have since been lifted. Mr Tahir was appointed imam of the 600-year-old mosque by China's ruling Communist Party. Some say he was deeply unpopular among many Uighurs who disliked the fact that he praised Communist Party policies while preaching in his mosque. He had also echoed the official government line that blamed the rising level of violence in Xinjiang on Uighur separatists and extremists, says our correspondent. On Monday, a knife-wielding gang attacked a police station and government offices triggering clashes that killed "dozens" of Uighur and Han Chinese civilians, according to state media outlet Xinhua. But activists disputed this account and said that local Uighurs were protesting against a Chinese crackdown on the observance of Ramadan, which ended on Monday. Reports surfaced earlier this month that some government departments in Xinjiang were banning Muslim staff from fasting during Ramadan, and several university students told the BBC that they were being forced to have meals with professors. There has been an upsurge in Xinjiang-linked violence that authorities have attributed to Uighur separatists. In May at least 31 people were killed when two cars crashed through an Urumqi market and explosives were thrown. In March, a mass stabbing at Kunming railway station killed 29 people. In response Chinese authorities have launched a year-long security campaign which includes
Some farmers will have experienced a 10p a litre drop in the price in the 10 months to Christmas. Aled Jones, National Farmers' Union's milk committee chairman, said they were finding it "extremely difficult". Two independent inquiries into the industry's future in Wales are due to report in 2015. THE INCOME GAP Mr Jones, who farms at Llanfaglan near Caernarfon, added that over months the price drop can mean a gap in income of tens of thousands of pounds. "It's only now that the cuts are beginning to really bite," he told BBC Radio Cymru's Manylu programme. "Ten pence a litre for a farm producing a million litres is a hundred thousand pounds less revenue - and that is not a big farm. "Some feed costs and fuel prices have come down -  but not to the extent of £100,000 - no way." WHY HAS THE PRICE COME DOWN SO QUICKLY? SUPERMARKET PRICE WAR Farmers have seen a drop in price at the same time as a supermarket war to offer milk for the cheapest price. Iceland - with its roots on Deeside - claims to sell the cheapest milk at 89p for four pints. In a statement, Iceland told BBC Wales it had not changed the price it pays for its milk, only the price it charges to its customers. "We are operating in the most competitive food retail market in the UK any of us can remember, and decided to make a major investment of our own margin to help our customers by offering them really compelling value on one of the essentials they buy every day." DECLINING NUMBERS The number of dairy farmers in Wales has dropped substantially over the last decade - by 40%. DairyCo estimates the current number to be 1,833. CASE STUDY - LEAVING THE INDUSTRY Lyn Thomas from Llanpumsaint near Carmarthen gave up milking 12 months ago, ending a three generation family tradition. With no children he felt he could not justify the investment of thousands, which was needed to modernise his equipment. "Just to put a new milking parlour in would have cost me between £50,000 and £70,000," he said. "I would have had to buy more cattle and get more land for those animals. The minimum investment would have been between £150,000 and £200,000." CASE STUDY - JOINING THE INDUSTRY Others are investing, expanding or joining the dairy industry for
The 22-year-old, who had a loan spell at Rotherham earlier this season, has agreed a deal with the Addicks until the summer of 2019. Forster-Caskey scored nine goals in 82 appearances for the Seagulls after making his debut aged 16 in 2010. "Jake is a real talent who has shown his quality in the Championship," boss Karl Robinson told the club website. Former England Under-21 international Forster-Caskey worked under 36-year-old Robinson last season during two loan stints at former club MK Dons. He is Charlton's second signing of the January transfer window, and his arrival at The Valley came after winger Ademola Lookman left the Addicks to join Premier League side Everton in an £11m deal. Meanwhile, Brighton under-23 midfielder Jack Harper has moved to Spanish side Malaga for an undisclosed fee. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The route between Harwich, Essex and Esbjerg in Denmark, run by DFDS Seaways, has been in operation for nearly 140 years. The company said the route "has been struggling for a long time" and would not be able to take on costs associated with a new environmental law. The final ferry is to sail on Sunday. Chief executive of DFDS Seaways, Niel Smedegaard, said: "The route is of particular historical significance to DFDS so it's a very sad day for us all. "Our regrets go to our many passengers who must now see the last passenger ferry route between the UK and Scandinavia close." How popular are ferries? •Last year, 20.5 million people used ferries to travel abroad from the UK - the first year on year increase since 2010 •One of the most popular routes, between Dover and Calais, has had car ferries running since the 1930s •The number of passengers travelling from ports on the East Coast fell last year for the third consecutive year, to 2.2 million •A number of passenger routes linking Norway and Newcastle ceased running in 2008 •Ferries between Harwich and Hamburg in Germany were stopped in 2002 •Stena Line runs a ferry from Harwich to the Hook of Holland. The line has seen an increase in passenger numbers in recent years From 1 January 2015, a European Union directive aimed at reducing sulphur dioxide emissions from ships will come into force. DFDS said this would have resulted in a £2m a year increase in the cost of the Harwich to Esbjerg ferry route. Mr Smedegaard said the company had not been able to reduce costs enough to enable the route to bear the extra charges. In June last year, the Sirena Seaways vessel running the Harwich-Esbjerg route hit the quay while docking and started to let in water. There were 489 passengers on board, but no-one was trapped or injured. The crash caused severe damage to the quay and holed the ferry in several places, some below the waterline. An investigation found one of the ship's back-up systems was keeping an engine running at 63% power when it was approaching the dock. This prevented tugs from moving the vessel so passengers could disembark safely. At the time, DFDS said changes were made to stop such an accident happening again.
Labour's Barry Sheerman said the change "shrinks childhood" by making people adults at 16. He spoke as MPs debated extending the franchise during the EU referendum, a move they then rejected in a vote. Shadow Europe minister Pat McFadden said he respected Mr Sheerman but could see no link between extending voting rights and sexual abuse. Huddersfield MP Mr Sheerman said: "Up and down this country we've had vulnerability to sexual predators and ghastly things happening right through to 18 and this move to have adults at 16 will make a lot of young men and women more vulnerable to sexual predation than that happens at the moment." After Mr McFadden rejected this argument, Mr Sheerman added "what those of us - the small minority of us on these benches I have to say - worry about is" that if people are treated as an adult at 16 "that shrinks childhood". Labour and the SNP support allowing 16 and 17-year-olds to vote in UK elections, but the government is against the policy. Setting out his party's position, Mr McFadden said that aside from the wider debate about the voting age, there was a "very strong reason" to lower it for the EU referendum because young people's future was "directly at stake". If the UK votes to leave the EU, their ability to live and study in Europe would be affected, he said. But Conservative Cabinet Office Minister John Penrose said this was not the time to consider such a change, saying the issue should be "soberly and properly debated" on another occasion. The change was rejected in a Commons vote by 310 to 265. The bill, which will put into law the in/out referendum promised by 2017, is currently making its way through Parliament. Also during the committee stage debate, an SNP motion to allow EU nationals resident in the UK to vote in the referendum was rejected by 514 votes to 71.
Gwyn Llywelyn will return to read the news bulletins - as he did on the station's first morning in 1977. Hywel Gwynfryn, Dei Thomas and Richard Rees will join Aled Hughes for the morning to share anecdotes, and there will be clips from the first programme Helo Bobol. Celebrations continue all day with Bore Cothi, Tommo and Geraint Lloyd. It will also mark the end of Radio Cymru's pop-up station Mwy, which was launched in the run-up to the 40th birthday.
Yvonne Kershaw, a 64-year-old grandmother from Petworth in West Sussex, landed the Virgin Atlantic flight from Cancun in Mexico. Mrs Kershaw joined the airline in 1990 and was granted command of the Boeing 747 aircraft three years later. She said it had taken passengers a few years to get used to seeing a woman coming out of the flight deck. "I suppose normally they would expect to see a silver-haired fox flying the aeroplane in command," she added. "Breaking down those barriers wasn't easy but nobody ever said it would be. "What you need is passion about your job, determination and skill." Mrs Kershaw learned to fly at the age of 19 and after flying small aircraft around Europe and north Africa she gained her commercial pilot's licence and flew executive jets. When she joined Virgin Atlantic its fleet included only four 747s. "It's such an iconic aeroplane and it's what I wanted to fly. For decades it was the largest aircraft in the world and the most loved by everybody," she said. Mrs Kershaw has captained more than 2,000 flights with more than 18,000 flying hours in the jumbos. She said she was "slightly tearful" after landing her final flight and would miss the role "enormously". "With long-haul it's not a job, it's a way of life, because you spend so much time away from home with crew. They become part of your extended family."
Brown and Barclay have won 107 caps between them but have been omitted from Vern Cotter's 32-man pool. "We seem to be promoting players who've come in from New Zealand at the expense of John Barclay and Kelly Brown. "Your chances of playing for Scotland are greatly heightened by playing for Edinburgh and Glasgow," said Nicol. Edinburgh flanker Hugh Blake has been called into the squad for the first time, in preference to both Brown and Barclay. Blake qualifies to play for the national team through his Scottish grandparents. Brown, 32, led Scotland into last year's Six Nations as captain, only to be dropped from the squad for the home defeat to England then recalled as captain for the loss to France at Murrayfield. He was overlooked for selection for the three Autumn tests against Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga. Barclay has excelled in the back-row for Welsh side Scarlets this season and, at 28, is likely to have several seasons left at the top level. Former Bath and Glasgow scrum-half Nicol says favouring players who play their rugby in Scotland isn't necessarily wrong, but that ultimately the decision should come down to ability. "There's not been a stated policy about not picking players playing in Scotland," Nicol continued. "There are a number of players (in the squad) who play outwith Scotland, but I think it's very clear that your chances of playing for Scotland are greatly heightened by playing for Edinburgh and Glasgow. "That might be the right thing to do, don't get me wrong. "I just think that, if you're picking your best players for this Six Nations, and forget the World Cup, because if they're good enough for the Six Nations then you're good enough for the World Cup, you pick your best players and I would've thought Kelly Brown and John Barclay in particular are two that would come in there." Despite reservations about the omission of some experienced players, Nicol is positive about Scotland's chances in the Six Nations. "I'm quite excited about what could happen," he said. "It was a good Autumn series. "A very good performance against Argentina, good again against the best team in the world, New Zealand, and then finished it off well against Tonga. "So there's a lot of confidence in the squad. "Edinburgh have improved markedly since the Autumn tests and that's reflected in more players coming in from
Parliament speaker Henry Ramos Allup said proposals would be presented in a matter of days - rather than months. A day earlier, President Maduro was given backing by the Supreme Court for a declaration of economic emergency, giving him greater powers. Venezuela is facing a shortage of many staple goods and rampant inflation. Its economy is heavily dependent on oil exports and has suffered substantially in the past year given the sharp fall in crude oil prices in international markets. Energy rationing has been imposed, blamed by government ministers on critically low water levels caused by drought at 18 of the country's hydro-electric dams. The National Assembly speaker and other opposition leaders had previously announced they planned to challenge Mr Maduro in six months' time. But Mr Ramos now says the country cannot afford to wait. "Nobody doubts now that that six-month timeframe is too long," he said. "It is not we who impose the timing, it is the needs of the country." "In the next few days we will have to present a concrete proposal for the departure of that national disgrace that is the government," he told a news conference. Mr Ramos called on President Maduro to revoke the decree on emergency measures. And he also attacked the Supreme Court over the decree, saying if  what it "has done is not a coup, I don't know what to call it". Most if not all Supreme Court judges have been appointed either by Mr Maduro or his predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez. The court has not ruled against the government since Mr Chavez came to power in 1999. Mr Maduro defended the court's ruling and said the measures were necessary to deal with the crisis. "This decision was taken by the highest court of the country, in accordance with the constitution," said Mr Maduro. His decree was issued on 14 January. It is valid for 60 days and it can be renewed by the president. The government says businessmen linked to the opposition have been hiding basic staples such as flour, sugar and toilet paper as part of a strategy to undermine the economy and oust Mr Maduro's democratically elected government. He was elected in April 2013 to a six-year term, replacing Mr Chavez, who died of cancer after 14 years in office. The Venezuelan constitution says that a referendum to replace the president can be called any
Glasgow Warriors head coach Townsend, 43, previously worked with Scotland as part of Andy Robinson's backroom staff. The former Scotland fly-half, who won 82 caps - plus two for the Lions - led Warriors to the Pro12 title in 2015. "I am incredibly proud. It is a real honour to be given the responsibility of coaching the national team," said Townsend. "My focus is firmly on the season ahead with Glasgow and I will be doing all I can to help the club continue to progress this year." New Zealander Cotter, 54, has been in charge of the Scots since 2014 and led them to the World Cup quarter-finals last year. Shortly before that tournament, the former Clermont Auvergne head coach had extended his contract until 2017. Scotland lost all five Tests in his first Six Nations but they improved this year with wins over Italy and France, scoring a best-ever 11 tries in a single campaign. "I believe we have moved forward by working to execute the simple things well," said Cotter, who has now coached in Europe for a decade after an eight-year spell in France with Clermont Auvergne. "The focus has been to respect tradition but also perform in the present, be adaptive and innovative. I have been really pleased with the progress that has been made." Media playback is not supported on this device Scottish Rugby chief executive Mark Dodson thanked Cotter for his "considerable impact" but said the time was right to promote "one of the most sought after coaches in the game", two years out from the next World Cup in 2019. "The time is right to take the development of the national team forward with Gregor," said Dodson. "Gregor's playing record showed he is a man of vision and great professionalism, which he has since successfully transferred into his coaching roles. "It is these factors which I feel will enable Scotland to continue its forward momentum, building on the strong foundations laid by Vern, with the current group of players and future Scotland internationals." Dodson has now launched a recruitment process to find Townsend's replacement at Glasgow for next season.
The 22-year-old has made 13 appearances for Everton this season. Everton manager Ronald Koeman last week said the player would be allowed to leave to "get game time". The Spaniard joined Everton on loan from Barcelona for the 2013-14 season, making the transfer permanent in 2015 for £4.3m. Milan originally announced the move via their official Twitter account on Friday, but it was quickly deleted. This site is optimised for modern web browsers, and does not fully support your browser
Chris Clements' opener was cancelled out by Isaac Vassell before, with the game into five added minutes, referee Mark Haywood pointed to the spot after Danny Collins handled in the box. But after his dramatic return to the side following Dean Henderson's recall to Manchester United, Grimsby's long-serving keeper kept out Danny Hylton's spot-kick to preserve a share of the spoils. After a tight, goalless first half, Luton re-started brightly, with Brandon Comley having to hack clear a low cross from on the line. But just as the visitors were starting to step up a gear, Grimsby broke the deadlock when Ben Davies - after seeing an effort charged down - kept the move alive with a fine, hanging cross to the far post, where Clements powered his header home from close range. However, the Hatters hit back when Pelly Ruddock nipped in at the corner and crossed into the area, where Vassell headed home despite McKeown's best efforts. They looked to have sealed the victory when they were awarded their 95th-minute penalty, but McKeown was to prove Grimsby's saviour. Report supplied by the Press Association Match ends, Grimsby Town 1, Luton Town 1. Second Half ends, Grimsby Town 1, Luton Town 1. Brandon Comley (Grimsby Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. (Grimsby Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Danny Hylton (Luton Town). Penalty conceded by Brandon Comley (Grimsby Town) with a hand ball in the penalty area. Penalty saved! Danny Hylton (Luton Town) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity,  right footed shot saved  in the top centre of the goal. Foul by Ben Davies (Grimsby Town). Jack Senior (Luton Town) wins a free kick on the left wing. Sam Jones (Grimsby Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Jack Marriott (Luton Town). Shaun Pearson (Grimsby Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Danny Hylton (Luton Town). Corner,  Luton Town. Conceded by Danny Andrew. Corner,  Luton Town. Conceded by Danny Collins. Corner,  Luton Town. Conceded by Ben Davies. Substitution, Luton Town. Jack Marriott replaces Isaac Vassell. Attempt saved. Jordan Cook (Luton Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Foul by Sam Jones (Grimsby Town). Alan Sheehan (Luton Town) wins a free kick in the attacking
A report by the Scottish Affairs Select Committee said details were needed on issues such as bank regulation, pension payments and the national currency. It also asked about Scotland's share of the national debt and whether Scots would need passports. The SNP dismissed the report as "shoddy" and as an "embarrassment to the authors". The committee's inquiry began in October last year, looking at the potential impact of independence following a ballot, which the Scottish government wants to hold in autumn 2014. The report, called the Referendum on Separation for Scotland: Unanswered Questions, has set out six areas where the Scottish Affairs Committee believe information is needed. They include issues such as Scotland's defences and the costs of independence. The committee called on Scottish Secretary Michael Moore to work with it to provide "a joint provision of factual and unbiased information to the people of Scotland". Committee chairman, Labour MP Ian Davidson, said: "The big question about such an unknown quantity as separation is the terms of the 'divorce settlement' - how resources, rights and responsibilities will be broken up. "The responses we've had clearly show that there is confusion and concern about this, but also that you only need to scratch the surface to reveal how many complex questions there are across banking, pensions, currency, national defences - but also many more personal things." He added: "The purpose of this inquiry is to set out from the start some of those questions and begin to explore their answers, with the aim of helping to make this process as clear and fair as possible. "You cannot ask a big question about separation - however you construct it - without first asking and answering all these questions about how it will affect every aspect of every life, in Scotland and the UK as a whole." SNP Westminster chief whip Stewart Hosie said the committee's inquiry had been overtaken by events and the report was "an embarrassment to its authors". He continued: "Firstly, it talks about 'separation for Scotland', when Scottish government policy is for independence, not separation. "But apart from its predictably pejorative approach to the issue of Scotland's constitutional future, this shoddy report from the anti-independence parties has been totally overtaken by events. "It raises questions which have been dealt with in detail by the Scottish government's white paper published way back in 2009. "The issues it raises include the
Media playback is not supported on this device Bingham, 39, won his first world title in 2015 after beating Shaun Murphy, who comes up against Anthony McGill. Five-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan faces Dave Gilbert, world number one Mark Selby plays Robert Milkins and Judd Trump meets Liang Wenbo. Bingham begins his campaign at 10:00 BST on Saturday, playing to a conclusion from 19:00 on the same day. World number two Bingham, who won a shock maiden world title last year despite being a 50-1 outsider at the start of the tournament, drew one of the most difficult qualifiers in Carter. O'Sullivan and Selby will be confident of progressing after gaining favourable draws, but in-form Trump, who won the China Open earlier this month, faces a significant test in 2015 UK Championship runner-up Liang. "The very first match that came out, Trump against Liang, what a first round that is," said World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn. "That will be sensational and my pick for the first round." All eyes were on China's number one player Ding Junhui, who had to qualify after slipping out of the top 16, and he comes up against Englishman Martin Gould. Other standout ties see Northern Irishman Mark Allen come up against world number 74 Mitchell Mann, the only debutant this year, and an all-Scottish clash between Stephen Maguire and Alan McManus. "Just because he is number 32 seed, it still won't be easy," said Allen. "I won the Players Championship, the last tournament I played in, but it is different pressure here. The place brings back special memories and there is so much history here." This year's tournament sees 28 of the top 32 players in the world in action, with every champion from this century looking to win the title again. Full draw Stuart Bingham v Ali Carter Stephen Maguire v Alan McManus Ricky Walden v Robbie Williams John Higgins v Ryan Day Judd Trump v Liang Wenbo Martin Gould v Ding Junhui Mark Williams v Graeme Dott Neil Robertson v Michael Holt Shaun Murphy v Anthony McGill Marco Fu v Peter Ebdon Barry Hawkins v Zhang Anda Ronnie O'Sullivan v David Gilbert Mark Allen v Mitchell Mann Joe Perry v Kyren Wilson Michael White v Sam Baird Mark Selby v Robert Milkins
The US car giant will spend $700m on expanding the plant at Flat Rock. Ford boss Mark Fields said the decision was partly due to falling sales of small cars and partly a "vote of confidence" in Donald Trump's policies. The President-elect has criticised both Ford and its rival General Motors over production of models in Mexico. Mr Trump earlier on Tuesday tweeted criticism of GM's production of its Chevy Cruze model in Mexico. Ford's chief executive, Mark Fields, told the BBC that the main decision to cancel the plant in Mexico was because of a "dramatic decline for the demand for small cars here in North America," allowing the company to cope with its existing plant. But he said another factor in the decision was the "more favourable US business environment that we see under President-elect Trump and some of the pro-growth policies that he's been talking about". "That did play a part and it's a vote of confidence that he can deliver on these things," Mr Fields added. Ford is not abandoning production completely in Mexico, but is switching production of its Focus model to its existing plant in Hermosillo there to improve profitability. It makes the current version at its plant in Wayne in Michigan. Production at that facility will switch to two new models, which it says will safeguard 3,500 US jobs. The planned $1.6bn plant in Mexico was to be built in San Luis Potosi, but Ford said it would now invest some of that sum in Flat Rock, creating 700 jobs building a range of electric cars. Mexico's economy ministry said it regretted Ford's decision, adding that it had assurances that the US car firm would pay the state of San Luis Potosi for any costs incurred from the cancellation. Earlier on Tuesday, Mr Trump criticised General Motors on Twitter for making cars built in Mexico and made available tax-free in the US. "General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to US car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A. or pay big border tax!" he tweeted. However, GM said most of its Chevy Cruze cars were made in the US. A spokesman said only the hatchback model, which forms a small percentage of sales, was made in Mexico. He added that the car was built there for global production and said that although some Cruze sedans were made in Mexico
About £45m was spent on new accommodation for 1,000 students with 100 studio flats at Fferm Penglais. A further £35m is being spent a research campus at Gogerddan. About £4.5m has been spent on lecture and teaching areas at Llanbadarn Centre, and the university is resubmitting a bid for heritage lottery funding for the Old College. The university said the refurbishment of Welsh-language halls Pantycelyn is due to be discussed in October.
State department spokesman John Kirby called the plans the "latest step... in a systematic process of land seizures". UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said he was "deeply disappointed" by the Israeli government's decision. The international Quartet of Middle East peace mediators also recently criticised settlement construction. About 570,000 Israelis live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem. The settlements are considered illegal under international law, though Israel disputes this. Citing an Israeli official, the Associated Press reported that the Israeli plans included 560 new homes in Maale Adumim, just outside Jerusalem, as well as almost 200 in the city itself. The plan also called for more than 600 new homes in an Arab neighbourhood of East Jerusalem, AP said. Mr Kirby said: "If true, this report would be the latest step in what seems to be a systematic process of land seizures, settlement expansions and legalizations of outposts that is fundamentally undermining the prospects for a two-state solution." The plans were also sharply criticised by Ban Ki-moon. "This raises legitimate questions about Israel's long-term intentions, which are compounded by continuing statements of some Israeli ministers calling for the annexation of the West Bank," the UN chief's spokesman said in a statement. On Friday, the Quartet released a report saying Israeli settlement-building - along with continuing violence, terrorism and incitement, and lack of control of the Gaza Strip by the West-Bank based Palestinian Authority - was undermining peace hopes. Israel welcomed parts of the Quartet report, but said it "perpetuates the myth that Israeli construction in the West Bank is an obstacle to peace". The last round of peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians came to an end amid acrimony in April 2014. The Palestinians accused Israel of reneging on a deal to free prisoners, while Israel said it would not continue negotiations after the Palestinians decided to bring the militant Islamist Hamas movement into a unity government.
Tui, owner of Thomson and First Choice, was fined 48 times during 2015 and 2016 by the travel association Abta. The breaches included inaccurate advertising and sending holidaymakers to resorts where significant building work was being carried out. Tui said it was committed to resolving any issue a customer experiences. The figures, compiled from industry data by You & Yours on Radio 4, show Tui's most recent fine of £1,500 was imposed in December 2016 for cancelling a customer's travel arrangements after the holiday had already been paid for in full. Many of the other fines were for failing to respond quickly enough to correspondence. However, three of them were for not telling customers about significant building works at their resorts before they went on holiday. Abta's code of conduct states customers should be told about building work in advance, or offered alternative travel arrangements or a full refund if the alternative would constitute a significant alteration to their holiday. Despite being fined, Tui has continued to send some holidaymakers to building sites without warning. In November 2016, Keith Parkins from Guildford in Surrey went to Tenerife with Tui's company Thomson. He arrived to find significant construction work underway at his hotel. "The arrival was, to put it bluntly, a shock," he said. "Coming down the hill, the first thing you could see was the long sun terrace, digger, bulldozer, piles of rubble, workmen, wheelbarrows, you name it. Inside, most of the hotel was taped off. The very first morning, I was woken up after 07:00 by the horrendous racket of pneumatic drills. It was just unbelievable." Thomson has offered Mr Parkins a £250 refund or a £345 travel voucher. He thinks it is insufficient, as he paid £1,762 for his holiday and is not keen on travelling with the company again. Other firms fined for breaches of the Abta code include Tui's biggest rival, Thomas Cook. It was fined on 24 occasions during 2015 and 2016, often for failing to deal with customer's complaints or for not paying arbitration awards on time. In total, it was charged £10,750. Tui was fined a total of £38,500 over the same period. "You really need to look at the percentage of problems you are seeing in terms of the total number of people they take away," said Sean Tipton from Abta. "If it is just a one-off problem, obviously that's not good
The vessel has been called the world's best example of a 15th Century ship by archaeologists. And new evidence has found that the timbers from the ship have been matched to projects built in the Basque region. It includes new data from medieval buildings in the Araba and Navarra areas of Spain. "The mystery of the origins of the Newport Ship, the remains of the a remarkably well-preserved medieval ship may at last have been solved," said Nigel Nayling, associate professor at University of Wales Trinity Saint David. "Artefacts found at the time of the discovery hinted at Iberian connections but recent advances in dendrochronology (tree-ring dating) have provided the first scientific evidence. "The results strongly suggest that the ship was originally built in the Basque Country where wooden shipbuilding has a long tradition. 'Useful insight' "A Basque origin for the ship has been suspected for some time and collaboration between the scientists was first suggested in 2006 by Xabier Agote, president of the Albaola Society which promotes research into Basque maritime heritage." Mr Nayling said initial attempts to date the ship were unsuccessful. But he added the latest results have come from research programmes sampling both the ship itself and more historic buildings that have allowed extension and improvement of the medieval section of the Basque chronology. Debbie Wilcox, cabinet member for leisure and culture at Newport City Council said: "The ship provides an excellent opportunity to tell the story of medieval Newport and its history as an international maritime town long before its development as an industrial port. "The latest information about the Newport Ship provides a useful insight into its origins and it appears that one of the mysteries of its history may have been solved." Newport council has put a tender out to developers asking them to recommend a suitable location for the vessel. It is seeking a specialist company who would be able to provide a new museum based around the ship's history.
She is one of only two women on the Bank's nine-member Monetary Policy Committee, which sets interest rates. Ms Shafik will step down at the end of February. She joined the Bank as deputy governor for markets and banking in August 2014 after stints at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. Bank of England governor Mark Carney said Threadneedle Street would say "farewell to Minouche with gratitude and regret". "She helped drive vital reforms on the domestic and international stages, perhaps most prominently in the successful completion of the Fair and Effective Markets Review, which she co-chaired," he said. "She has overseen a transformation in how we manage our balance sheet and is modernising our high-value payments system. This has been alongside the invaluable insight she brings to all three main policy committees of the Bank and the inspirational leadership she gives to her colleagues. In her work and by her example, she leaves an important legacy." Ms Shafik said it had been a privilege to work at the Bank of England and that it was impossible to resist the chance to run the LSE. "I have especially enjoyed connecting the dots and the people across the Bank's monetary, macro-prudential and micro-prudential policy responsibilities," she said. "I leave the Bank with a deep appreciation for its work and much admiration of its staff." The LSE is familiar territory for the former IMF deputy managing director as she earned a Master's in Economics at the school, which is part of the University of London. Ms Shafik, who was born in Egypt and emigrated to the US with her family at the age of four, is the first woman to run the LSE on a permanent basis and its 16th director. Prof Julia Black will continue to run the LSE until the new director starts in September 2017 after a post-Bank cooling-off period. US academic Craig Calhoun said in February he was leaving before the end of his five-year term as LSE director to run the Berggruen Institute, a political and philosophical think tank set up by billionaire investor Nicolas Berggruen. Ms Shafik previously held academic appointments at the Wharton Business School of the University of Pennsylvania and Georgetown University's economics department. She was made a Dame Commander of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honour's list last year. The Treasury, which is responsible for recruiting a successor, will
The singer announced on Tuesday that he was leaving the BBC One dancing competition after three live shows for "personal reasons". His dance partner Karen Clifton has said she is "so sad" at his departure. Strictly will proceed as normal this weekend, with a third celebrity eliminated on Sunday. Young, 37, sent a text to BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show host Chris Evans after quitting the contest, which was read out on air. It said: "Here's the thing. I'm absolutely dandy, thanks. It's all very undramatic, really. "I've done my statement and others can say what they want to say. I never read what they say anyway." He is only the fifth celebrity contestant to pull out of the show in its 13-year history. In his statement, the former Pop Idol winner said he was leaving Strictly "with joy in my heart that I have been able to take part in one of the most loved shows on British television". He said: "To be a part of Strictly has been a long time ambition of mine. As a performer, a viewer, and a fan of the show, to dance as a contestant was an experience I always hoped for. "I have made some great friends, and am in awe of their performances week in, week out. I have found a creative partnership with Karen that has been the most wonderful thing to experience." He promised to keep watching as a viewer and wished his fellow Strictly contestants "so much luck". Young and Clifton came joint fourth on the leaderboard after last weekend's movie week, and the pair had been considered early favourites to lift the glitterball trophy. They were due to dance the Viennese Waltz to Say Something by A Great Big World and Christina Aguilera on Saturday's show. Clifton said: "I'm so sad that Will has decided to quit the show and I know it wasn't an easy decision for him. "It was great dancing with him, he was such fun to work with and I wish him all the very best for the future." Young had been criticised by head judge Len Goodman for his dance not containing enough salsa elements. When Young disagreed, he was advised to "turn up, keep up and shut up" - but Goodman stressed this was "only a joke". A Strictly source said there had been no falling out between the pair. "The
Held at the city's Eden Court, the line-up includes 34 films from 21 countries. Five of the features are UK premieres and 17 will get their Scottish premiere during the event, which runs from the 5-9 November. Documentary, The Possibilities are Endless, follows Scots singer Edwyn Collins' recovery from a stroke in 2005 with the help of his wife Grace. Collins will perform songs after the screening of the film. Foreign films are a key feature of the festival. This year's include Difret about a teenage girl in Ethiopia who is charged with murdering a 29 year old man after he abducts her. Winter Sleep, set in a small hotel in central Anatolia, will be given its Scottish premiere at Eden Court. Another feature that will be give its Scottish premiere in Inverness will be Fantail, a story about a white New Zealand woman who was raised as a Maori. The foreign language offerings also include Firestorm. Another is The Tribe. Festival director Paul Taylor said: "The Tribe is my pick of the festival, it's a unique and original film from Ukraine without words or subtitles or translation and is the most exciting and powerful film that you will see all year. "It's a true one of a kind, which after 120 years of cinema doesn't happen very often." Drama on and under water appear in a number of the films to be shown, including Kon-Tiki which is about Norwegian adventurer Thor Heyerdahl's 1947 bid to cross the Pacific Ocean on a balsa wood raft. Angel Azul tells of the creation of an artificial coral reef by artist Jason deCaires Taylor. Also on an aquatic theme is Once in Your Lifetime. It explores the idea that all keen anglers should try fishing on Scotland's lochs and rivers.
Liverpool will host FA Cup finalists Notts County in the other semi-final, with the dates for both ties in October still to be confirmed. Three-time winners Arsenal's quarter-final with City was postponed after City were charged with fielding an ineligible player in the group stage. The charge was found to be unproven and the tie is still to be re-arranged. Two-time finalists Birmingham knocked out Women's Super League One leaders Chelsea in the last eight. Liverpool thrashed Bristol Academy in the quarter-finals, while Notts saw off WSL 2 side Reading. The final of the cup, now in its fifth year, will be held at Rotherham's New York Stadium on Sunday, 1 November. The full semi-final draw is as follows: Liverpool Ladies v Notts County Ladies Arsenal Ladies or Manchester City Women v Birmingham City Ladies
Four people were on board the Irish Coastguard Rescue Helicopter 116 when it went down on 14 March. Cpt Dara Fitzpatrick died after she was rescued from the sea. Police said that the body of another crew member had been found but they could not yet confirm identification. The missing coastguard crew were Cpt Mark Duffy, winch operator Paul Ormsby and winchman Ciaran Smith - it is not yet known which member has been found. Search teams are trying to remove the body of the crew member from the cockpit of the aircraft, but investigators said sea conditions have meant dives to the wreckage on Saturday have been prevented. On Friday the black box recorder from the rescue helicopter was recovered. The chief inspector with the Irish Air Accident Investigation Unit (IAAIU) Jurgen Whyte said: "We're happy to announce we had a positive recovery of the data recorder at 1630 from the seabed just off Blackrock." Mr Whyte said the recorder will be brought to Dublin before being sent to the UK air accident investigation branch where it will be prepared for download, hopefully successfully, by Tuesday or Wednesday of next week. Late on Friday afternoon, searchers began diving at Blackrock island off the coast of Blacksod, County Mayo, where the wreckage of the helicopter was found on Wednesday It was discovered about 60m west of Blackrock island, in waters about 40m deep. R116 lost contact with the Irish Coastguard at about 01:00 on 14 March, as it made its final approach to Blacksod refuelling depot. The crew had been providing communications support to another coastguard helicopter that had been deployed to take an injured fisherman to hospital. The wreckage of R116 was pinpointed after search teams deployed a remotely-operated vehicle (ROV), fitted with an underwater camera.
St Johnstone took the lead just before half-time through Steven MacLean, who took advantage of a Craig Gordon error. The visitors defended stoutly and troubled Celtic on the counter, and MacLean sent a free header wide. Substitute McGregor saved the champions, though, drilling low and hard into the corner of the net. The equaliser was a reward for Celtic's relentless pressure in the second half, with Scott Sinclair and Mikael Lustig both hitting the woodwork. St Johnstone might also have been reduced to 10 men, with MacLean seeming to catch Kieran Tierney in the face with his arm, but the St Johnstone striker was only booked by referee Willie Collum. The visitors held on to claim their point, though, with defender Steven Anderson and goalkeeper Alan Mannus leading their resistance. A day of drama had the most unfortunate beginning when Murray Davidson suffered a horrendous head injury in an aerial challenge and collapsed to the floor. The St Johnstone midfielder was knocked out. These were worrying moments as medics from both sides tended to Davidson, taking five minutes to get him on a stretcher and away to hospital, Celtic Park applauding as one as he left. Thankfully, before the game concluded, Davidson was said to be recovering. Liam Craig came on to field and his team pressed hard, denying the champions easy space. Even when Tom Rogic - man-marked by Paul Paton - broke free, the visitors scrambled effectively. Leigh Griffiths had a shot into the side-netting, James Forrest had a weak shot easily dealt with. Saints were comfortable in the beginning. Michael O'Halloran had earlier created Celtic some bother down the left when scampering free and squaring for David Wotherspoon, who shot unconvincingly at Gordon. The Celtic goalkeeper soon entered the narrative of the game in a very major way. MacLean's goal was a self-inflicted wound by Gordon, who was jaw-droppingly lackadaisical in clearing his line. In gifting St Johnstone the ball, he gave them a present of a goal, MacLean turning it in. There was confusion, and silence, inside the stadium. Was MacLean offside when he scored? No, said Willie Collum and his assistant. Was Gordon out of his mind in doing what he did? Unquestionably, yes. MacLean hesitated and then celebrated. The hush from the Celtic fans continued awhile. Celtic, flat by their own standards until they motored later on, mustered something before the break when Sinclair
The 133-year-old statue depicted General Robert E Lee, the top military leader in the Confederacy, crossing his arms as he faced north towards his old enemy. Critics say monuments to the Confederacy are racially offensive, but supporters say they are important symbols of the city's Southern heritage. The three other statues were all removed at night to limit clashes. The workers on the job were wearing bullet-proof vests as well as masks. In a statement on Thursday, New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said the condemned statues "were erected decades after the Civil War to celebrate the 'Cult of the Lost Cause', a movement recognised across the South as celebrating and promoting white supremacy." Barricades went up overnight around the park where the 16ft (4.8m) statue was perched atop a 60ft column. The cables for a nearby streetcar were also temporarily taken down to allow construction equipment into the park. Before police cleared the area on Thursday, nearly 200 protesters gathered to voice support and opposition to the monument. Demonstrations were mostly peaceful, local media report. The only flashpoint was when a pro-removal protester snatched a Confederate battle flag. One man was arrested for climbing on to the monument's pedestal and refusing to come down. The monument to Lee was erected on 22 February 1884 - nearly 20 years after the Civil War ended. On the day of the unveiling, a crowd of nearly 15,000 people came to watch, the Daily Picayune newspaper reported the next day. At the exact moment that the statue was unveiled, a 100-gun salute was fired, and "a mighty shout went up from the soldiers of the Confederacy", the Daily Picayune reported. City officials say the monuments will be moved somewhere such as a museum where they can be "placed in their proper historical context from a dark period of American history". But WWL-TV has found the removed monuments to Confederate President Jefferson Davis and PGT Beauregard in a city-owned scrap yard. Supporters of the monuments say they are a cultural legacy that promotes heritage rather than racism. The decision to remove the statues came in December 2015, six months after a white supremacist shot dead nine black worshippers at a South Carolina church.
Contractions in the construction and production industries were balanced out by a growth in services. UK GDP grew by 0.4% over the same period. Scottish GDP per person - which takes population changes into account - was also flat during the first quarter of 2016. During the first three months of the year services in Scotland grew by 0.4%, while production contracted by 1.2% and construction by 1.5%. On an annual basis, Scotland's economy grew by 0.6%, compared with UK growth of 2%. The figures were compiled by Scotland's chief statistician. The GDP figures were released on the same day as official data showed that unemployment in Scotland fell by 18,000 between March and May. A leading economic forecaster described the two sets of figures as "a mixed bag" for the Scottish economy. Graeme Roy, director of the Fraser of Allander Institute at the University of Strathclyde, said growth had been "stagnant"  over the first three months of the year. "While the all-important services sectors grew, there was a sharp fall in production and construction," he said. "Of greatest concern was the fall in manufacturing, which was down 2.6% over the three months and 5.4% over the year. This was the sharpest fall in annual manufacturing output since the 2008/09 financial crisis. "On the plus side, revisions to the data paint a rosier picture of growth last year. The Scottish economy is now estimated to have grown in each and every quarter of 2015, with growth of 1.4% in 2015 up from the previous estimate of just +0.9%. "Despite that, Scotland continued to lag behind the UK as a whole." Responding to the GDP figures, the Scottish Chambers of Commerce called for "a concerted government response to Scotland's growth problems and swift clarification of the position of EU nationals working in the UK". Chief executive Liz Cameron said: "Scotland's growth has now been at a fraction of that of the UK as a whole for a full year and there are few signs of a major improvement in sight. "In the light of the EU referendum result, the Scottish and UK governments must take all steps necessary to support businesses at this time and help them to invest for the future and get our economy back on the path of growth." The Federation of Small Businesses said the growth figures presented a challenge. Scottish policy convener Andy Willox said:
Media playback is not supported on this device The Frenchman, who reaches the qualification age of 50 in May, famously squandered a three-shot lead at the final hole of the 1999 Open. But he insists he is looking forward to playing the Angus links again. "I came to peace with it a long time ago," he said. "It never wakes me up in a cold sweat." Seventeen years ago, Van de Velde teed off on the 18th knowing even a double-bogey six would result in him lifting the Claret Jug. But, after a risky drive, an ill-advised approach and a fluffed recovery, a global audience of millions were watching him remove his spikes and socks, roll up his trousers, wade shin-deep into the middle of the Barry Burn, and consider hitting his next shot from the water. Minutes of toe-curling agony followed before he talked himself down and took a penalty drop. But he was already unravelling. He dumped his next shot into a green-side bunker and scraped his way into a play-off with American Justin Leonard and Scotland's Paul Lawrie thanks to a brave putt - for a triple-bogey seven. Mind surely scrambled, Van de Velde faded predictably and Lawrie capitalised to secure victory. Van de Velde would be forgiven for feeling nauseous at the very mention of the day he tormented himself, and astonished the golfing world. "I don't," he says, chuckling. "Luckily for me it's not the subject of conversation with most people I see. Having said that, I think it's part of the history of the Open Championship and my life, and my history as a golfer. No, I'm not sick of it. "The only time I think about it, is when someone brings it up." He has been back to Carnoustie more than a dozen times since, competing in the Dunhill Links and on trips with friends. Having stopped playing on the European Tour in 2011, Van de Velde will need to find his competitive edge quickly ahead of July's major championship. Apart from the likely ring rust and any historical hangover, this year's Senior Open will offer the double challenge of the star-studded field and the infamously exacting course. More than 30 former major champions and Ryder Cup captains will show up in pursuit of a first prize of just over £213,000. Among them will be Tom Watson, Bernhard Langer and Colin Montgomerie -
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said his party would oppose it, unless they were promised a second referendum on the UK's Brexit deal with EU leaders. Several Labour MPs are also willing to vote against it, despite the Labour Party pledging not to do so. The government says Lib Dem and Labour MPs are "trying to thwart and reverse the referendum result". With the support of Conservative MPs and the support or abstention of most Labour MPs, the bill is well placed to pass through the Commons. But the opposition of some MPs is likely to embolden critics in the House of Lords. The Liberal Democrats have long called for a referendum on the outcome of the government's negotiations with EU, but only now have they said they will definitely vote against Article 50 if their demand is not met. Mr Farron, whose party has eight MPs in the Commons, told BBC Radio 4's Today: "Article 50 would proceed but only if there is a referendum on the terms of the deal and if the British people are not respected then, yes, that is a red line and we would vote against the government." For Labour, shadow minister Catherine West, former leadership contender Owen Smith and south London MP Helen Hayes all made clear they were prepared to vote against Article 50 - which begins formal exit negotiations with the EU - if amendments were not accepted. Former Labour minister David Lammy and shadow transport minister Daniel Zeichner have said they would oppose Article 50. Opposition whip Thangam Debbonaire said she would also vote against it, if a vote were held imminently. The SNP's 54 MPs may join them. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said they will not vote for anything that undermines the will of the Scottish people, and has previously said they will vote against a bill to write EU provisions into British law to prepare for Brexit. Dulwich Labour MP Hayes said she was prepared to defy Labour whips to oppose the measure unless the government promised a second referendum. She said: "I had somebody in my surgery last week who was in tears because of Brexit and I see genuine distress amongst my constituents about what this path means. "I would not be representing them if I voted to trigger Article 50 on the basis of no information from the government about the path that they
The Storr, a geological feature of the landscape in Trotternish, Skye, was used for creating scenes in the new movie directed by Steven Spielberg. Tourism body VisitBritain has promoted The Storr in its new campaign called Oh My Giant Britain (OMGB). It also features the film's locations in England. Images of actress Ruby Barnhill, who plays lead character Sophie in the film, at The Storr, Big Ben in London and the Angel of the North near Gateshead have been released on social media. The BFG launches in the US on 1 July and in the UK on 22 July. Skye is a favourite with film-makers and provided backdrops for Stardust, which starred Michelle Pfieffer, big budget sci-fi Prometheus and also Snow White and the Huntsman, Keanu Reeves' film 47 Ronin and the latest film adaption of Macbeth. Last month it emerged that the production team behind The BFG were helped by Highland's Council's small tourism and film unit with its inquiries about locations on Skye.
About 10 "non-sponsored sleepovers" have been logged across the world by the Swedish  furniture giant this year. In the past, people have hidden themselves in stores in the US, Canada, UK, Belgium, Netherlands, Japan, Australia and Poland. Most recently, two 14-year-old girls were caught after spending the night at the branch in Jonkoping in Sweden. The craze appears to have been started by two Belgian YouTubers in August. Their video, which has had 1.7 million views, documents their exploits - including jumping on beds - after they hid in a wardrobe for three hours to avoid detection. Unlike the 14-year-old girls, however, they were not caught and walked out after spending another few hours in the wardrobes waiting for the store to open. Ikea has decided not to formally charge the Jonkoping teenagers because of their young age, but two girls who were caught in Malmo, Sweden, in October were not so lucky. According to Sydsvenskan, the 15-year-olds had been too scared of setting off the alarm to leave the cupboards they were hiding in, and were reported to police for trespassing when they were discovered in the morning. An Ikea UK spokesperson told the BBC: "We appreciate that people are interested in Ikea and want to create fun experiences. However, the safety and security of our co-workers and customers is our highest priority and that's why we do not allow sleepovers in our stores." A Swedish spokesman added: "Maybe needless to say that the fun in it is overrated. A long night of sitting still, only to then risk getting into trouble with the law." Ikea owns and operates nearly 400 stores in almost 50 nations.
Based on the novel by Britain's Mark Burnell, The Rhythm Section will see her as a woman who becomes an assassin to avenge the deaths of her family. Reed Morano, who directed the first three episodes of hit TV series The Handmaid's Tale, will direct the film. Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson said it was "exciting" to work with such a "talented" team. Morano and Lively, they added, "have a strong vision for this very compelling story driven by a female protagonist". The Rhythm Section is the first of four novels to feature Burnell's Stephanie Patrick heroine, inviting the prospect of a Bond-style film series. Its announcement comes during a hiatus in production on the James Bond films, which Broccoli and Wilson have co-produced since 1995. Production on the film will begin later this year, with financing from international production company IM Global. Its head Stuart Ford said the film would be "fresh, realistic and bold", with "a unique female heroine who turns so many of the current cinematic cliches surrounding so-called 'kick-ass' female leads on their head". Lively, who is married to Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds, is also known for playing the ageless heroine of the film The Age of Adeline. Last year saw her battle a shark in The Shallows, appear in Woody Allen's Cafe Society and also give birth to her second child. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Last year, Swansea University's Specific innovation centre unveiled the UK's first energy-positive classroom. Now plans have been approved which will see the same approach adopted in 16 new homes to be built by social housing group Pobl, in Neath Port Talbot. The report was carried out by an independent energy consultant. The concept uses a combination of solar cells, battery storage and a revolutionary steel frame which draws solar-heated air through tiny perforations for heating and warm water. Andris Bankovskis, a member of government body, the Panel of Technical Experts on Electricity Market Reform, based his report on the Neath plans. But he scaled them up to reflect the potential savings if the technology and approach was applied to a million homes. He concluded the average saving on energy bills could be at least £600 per household, not including any additional benefits from solar feed-in tariffs. In addition to consumer benefits, Mr Bankovskis suggested a host of environmental benefits. These include a decrease in carbon dioxide emissions of nearly 80 million tonnes over 40 years and a reduction of 3,000 Megawatts in peak generating capacity - equivalent to the output of a very large power station. He said: "The combination of photovoltaic cells and battery storage means that the homes could harvest energy from sunlight, and hold it until it is needed at times of peak demand. "It also means that provided we can make smart networks a reality, we can better control our energy and share it more easily around a locality, reducing stress on the grid. "The potential savings amount to over £11bn over 40 years, and that's before you factor in the opportunities for investment and job creation." Set for completion in 2019, the Neath homes - being built on behalf of Neath Port Talbot council - will be fitted with a steel roof, on to which the photovoltaic cells are integrated, allowing them to operate in areas with lower levels of sunlight. Electricity will be stored in batteries until needed, and shared within the community. There will also be the opportunity to charge electric vehicles using the excess energy. Water heating will come from a solar heat collector on south facing walls, as the homes will use no gas. In time, it is hoped this system could operate over an entire year; allowing heat to be captured in summer and stored for use during the winter.
Posting a picture of a letter addressed to "Mrs Clegg" on Instagram, she noted the "irony" of the situation. The event, on 8 March, is designed to "celebrate women's success", she added. Ms Gonzalez Durantez is a lawyer specialising in international and EU trade law. She wrote: "The irony of being invited to speak at an International Women's Day event to celebrate women's success, addressed to me as 'Mrs Clegg'." Ms Gonzalez Durantez set up the Inspiring Women group, which recruits women with successful careers to visit and speak to girls at state schools in England. This is not the first time she has criticised the way she is perceived or described. Last year she told Marie Claire magazine: "I find people say of me 'She wears the trousers' and as you can see, it is true, I have very nice trousers. "Or if my husband and I share the school run, it's me who has forced him, dragged him away from his work. "But when people, or in my case the media, are using that label on you, they are not saying you are strong, they are saying you should get back in your box. You should make the dinner and have his slippers ready with a gin and tonic."
The 25-year-old victim had to have blood transfusions after being struck on the head at a pub in Stirchley, Birmingham. Luke Pinder, 21, of Millfield Close, Hawkinge, Folkestone, Kent, has been jailed for eight years. He admitted wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Read more news for Birmingham and the Black Country Pinder, who was sentenced at Birmingham Crown Court, was in the Horseshoe Arms last September when security staff asked everyone to leave at closing time. He threw a bottle at full force, hitting the other man as he stood up to leave, causing a deep gash on the back of his head, police said. He was celebrating with his girlfriend after just being told he was in remission from acute myeloid leukaemia. Pinder's image was circulated and he was identified.
Durant, 28, limped out of Tuesday's game after team-mate Zaza Pachulia fell on his left leg and caused a sprained medial ligament and leg bruising. It is hoped he could return before the end of the regular season on 12 April. The 2014 NBA Most Valuable Player joined the Warriors this season in a deal worth a reported $54.3m (£43.9m). Durant had spent the previous eight seasons at Oklahoma City Thunder, where he was a four-time NBA scoring champion. Western Conference leaders Warriors went into the game with a league-best 50-9 record and have already booked their place in the play-offs.
The lorry was stopped just outside Armagh on Wednesday night. A police officer told Newry Court that Conor Toal, 30, from Oakridge in Armagh city, was spotted passing objects from his car to the lorry. It was driven by Darren Donnelly, 32, from Willowmount Avenue in Omagh, County Tyrone. A subsequent search of the lorry led to the discovery of the money. The officer said he believed the cash was being transported to England, where it was to be used by a major crime gang to buy illegal drugs to bring back to Northern Ireland. A later search of Mr Toal's home uncovered another £4,000 in cash and four luxury watches, including two made by Rolex. Both men denied charges of possessing criminal property, transporting criminal property and entering into an arrangement. The judge refused bail because he said he feared the pair could interfere with the police investigation, which is at an early stage. They are due to appear again via videolink at Armagh Court on 13 September.
Gary Firth, 50, and from Barnsley, was killed in a crash at the 11th Milestone on the TT Course, at about 13.45 BST. The Senior race was immediately red flagged by the clerk of the course. Firth finished 34th in the Newcomers A race earlier this week and had recorded his fastest lap of 102.282mph in the Friday's Senior race. Organisers the Manx Motor Cycle Club said they pass on their "deepest sympathy to his family and friends". The Coroner of Inquests has been informed and an investigation into the circumstances of the accident is under way. Two other riders were involved in the incident but were reported as ok by organisers. In a separate incident Alun Thomas crashed at Alpine Cottage and was taken by helicopter to hospital where he was reported to have "multiple fractures" but is in a "stable condition". Clerk of the course Phil Taubman confirmed the race would not be rerun and the result has been declared at the end of the second lap. It means Loughborough's Andrew Soar, who led the race after two laps (the last completed by the whole field), has been awarded the victory ahead of Michael Moulai with Rob Hodson third. All three riders, who were contesting the lead when the race was red flagged, said their thoughts were with those involved in the earlier accidents. Although the roads were mainly dry, riders were warned about possible damp patches at Laurel Bank, Ramsey Hairpin, Hillberry and the Nook as well as strong winds, particularly on the Mountain section of the course. The subsequent Manx Grand Prix reunion parade has been cancelled and all roads are now open around the course. Three riders have lost their lives at this year's Isle of Man Festival of Motorcycling, which incorporates the Classic TT and Manx Grand Prix.
Emma West, 36, of New Addington, admitted racially-aggravated disorderly behaviour likely to cause harassment or distress at Croydon Crown Court. West was filmed shouting racist abuse at passengers travelling on a tram between Croydon and Wimbledon. She was bound over to keep the peace and handed a 24-month community order. A judge said West was clearly suffering from mental health problems at the time of the outburst. She received a mental health treatment order for assaulting a constable in a separate incident. The court heard she was "reeking of alcohol" when she carried out the verbal attack. Prosecutor Julius Capon said: "She in essence persecuted a number of passengers on the tram, subjecting them to some disgusting racial abuse." The things she said included "you're not English", "none of you are English" and "get back to your own countries". Mr Capon said many of the passengers were "upset" by West's behaviour. "Some of them described themselves as being disgusted, shocked and horrified," he said. David Martin-Sperry, defending West, said the defendant's offending was out of character, she was taking anti-depressants and she does not harbour any racist views. Mr Martin-Sperry said she had unwittingly taken two and a half times the recommended dose and drunk a large glass of wine before launching the tirade.
Pershore Town Council has recommended naming a road on an estate to be built opposite the town's high school after Clive Corbett, who has been headteacher since 2002. The council also wants to name other estate roads after previous heads. Councillor Charles Tucker said: "We try to have a historical or geographical link when we name new roads." Mr Corbett said: "I'm delighted, but above all it's a great honour for the school and I hope it reflects its importance to the local community." He is the fifth headteacher at the school, which was founded in 1932. The planned road names will have to be approved at a meeting of the town council later this month.
PC David Norman, 52, of Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, made the false statement after being called to a dispute between neighbours in Milford Haven. Swansea Crown Court heard he was "caught out" by a CCTV recording. He denies carrying out an act tending or intending to pervert the course of justice. The court heard PC Norman, who worked for Dyfed-Powys Police, arrested the man for a public order offence on 21 January, 2016. He later wrote a statement saying he had became "extremely abusive, shouting and screaming" and was swearing. But John Hipkin, for the prosecution, said PC Norman was "caught out" because the man had CCTV on his house which recorded images and sound and showed he spoke only in a normal voice. Mr Hipkin said that what PC Norman later told investigating officers might be the reason for the false statement. According to Mr Hipkin, he said: "I have been in situations with him before when he has been incredibly hostile to me and I have listened to him spouting out abuse and was shocked by his language." The man was arrested and spent two days in custody before being released, the court heard. Mr Hipkin added PC Norman "was adamant that he had not done it deliberately nor had he intended to pervert the course of justice". PC Norman added that he was having personal problems at the time of the incident. The trial continues.
The 23-year-old airman, from Dunfermline in Fife, vanished while on a night out with friends in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, in September. A bin lorry collected refuse a short time later from the area the RAF Honington gunner was last seen. Suffolk Police said trawling through the landfill site in Milton, near Cambridge, could take up to 10 weeks. Officers will search more than 920 sq m (1,100 sq yd) of waste to a depth of 8m (26ft). LIVE: Updates on this story and other Suffolk news Det Supt Katie Elliott said: "Teams of specialist, search-trained police officers from both Suffolk and Norfolk will be carrying out the work to find anything that may be linked to the investigation. "We need to find Corrie and discover what happened to him. While the search may not provide the answers as to what happened, it is something we need to do as our investigation continues." Steve Gaskin, a former detective with experience of carrying out large-scale searches during his time with the Metropolitan Police, described this latest operation as a "mammoth task". He said officers will need to sift through all the earth that is moved by hand, "because it's not just Corrie they're looking for". It would also be "any other associated evidence", such as his jacket, or "anything that may have come out of his pockets". He said: "They've also got to make sure any forensic evidence that's accrued is treated and dealt with properly... in case there's a criminal case. "There's been a lapse of six months [since Corrie Mckeague went missing] and you can imagine what's on a rubbish dump - birds, rodents - so there's a good chance, with the weather and all the conditions, particularly if he's a number of metres down, that there will be an element of decomposition. "This is a mammoth task and it is analogous, I would say, to looking for a needle in a haystack." Mr Mckeague was last seen at about 03:25 BST on 24 September. Police seized a bin lorry in the early stages of the investigation, but no traces of Mr Mckeague were found in the vehicle and the landfill site was not searched at the time. However, its route appeared to coincide with the movements of Mr Mckeague's phone. Mr Mckeague' mother Nicola Urquhart previously told the BBC: "Common sense suggests that the most likely place Corrie
At least 19 people are known to taken their lives in 2008 and 2009 as the company cut thousands of jobs. Judicial sources say the company and ex-boss Didier Lombard are suspected of using a policy of unsettling staff to speed up job losses. France Telecom became Orange in 2013. It will now be up to an examining judge to decide whether or not to order a trial. But if it goes ahead it would be the first trial in France for bullying (moral harassment) of such a large company. As well as the former CEO, other figures could also face trial including his right-hand man Louis-Pierre Wenes, human resources head Olivier Barberot and four other directors. In 2006, Mr Lombard announced plans to cut 22,000 jobs and move another 14,000 workers, as France Telecom pushed for greater efficiency in the wake of privatisation two years earlier. According to an internal document cited by French media, he told a high-level meeting that he would "do it one way or another, through the window or through the door". In submissions made late last month, the Paris prosecutor accuses France Telecom of enacting a policy in 2007 that resulted in unsettling workers and creating a "professional climate that provoked anxiety" at the time of a "delicate restructuring" of the company, a judicial source told AFP news agency. The true number of suicides involving staff is unclear, but 60 people are thought to have taken their lives over a three-year period, and unions say as many as 35 died in 2008 and 2009. Officials speak of 19 deaths during the two years, 12 attempted suicides and eight other cases involving depression or related illnesses. Although the suicide rate at France Telecom was similar to the national average, many of those who died left notes blaming pressure from management. Mr Lombard accepted the restructuring upset employees but he has rejected the idea that it led to people taking their own lives. France Telecom, and later Orange, has been beset by tragedy since 2007: The spate of work-related deaths was not confined to France Telecom. In 2007, car-maker Renault was investigated after three workers took their own lives. Under French law, anyone who harasses another with repeated actions with the aim or the effect of degrading working conditions is liable to a year in jail and a fine of €15,000 ($16,500; £12,800).
Assistant coach Gary Neville will delay his arrival after his Valencia side lost a third La Liga game in a row. Hart and Sterling could be out for four weeks, making them serious doubts for City's Champions League quarter-final. Winger Sterling has a groin injury, while keeper Hart has a calf problem. Sterling, 21, limped off during City's 1-0 loss to United, while Hart, 28, was hurt after clearing a poor backpass from Martin Demichelis and went off on a stretcher. City boss Manuel Pellegrini, asked whether they would miss England's games in Germany on Saturday and against the Netherlands at Wembley on 29 March, said: "I don't think muscle injuries are one week. Normally this is three or four weeks." Neville, meanwhile, is to stay in Valencia to work with his players after fans called for the ex-England defender to leave following a 2-0 home defeat by Celta Vigo. The 41-year-old, who said he will link up with the England squad on Thursday, said: "You'll report it as panic, but it is not panic, it is something that's important. "I have just spoken to Roy Hodgson and I am going to stay back in Valencia. The players train Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday this week. I feel it's the right thing to do. "Obviously it's not an ideal situation. I'm the assistant coach for the national team of England, with 60 million people, but I understand the two or three million people in Valencia need my attention this week." Stoke City midfielder Ibrahim Afellay and Sunderland defender Patrick van Aanholt could feature against England at Wembley after being added to the Netherlands squad. Coach Danny Blind has been hampered by the withdrawal of several players for next week's friendly matches against France and England. PSV Eindhoven pair Davy Propper and Jurgen Locadia pulled out on Monday, missing out along with Arjen Robben, Daryl Janmaat, Erik Pieters and Ron Vlaar. Afellay was a surprise omission from the original squad, while Van Aanholt could make his first international appearance in more than two years. The Netherlands were World Cup semi-finalists in 2014, but have failed to qualify for Euro 2016.
Two lionesses escaped not long after midnight and were spotted on main roads in the city by morning. Nairobi residents have been urged to stay away and report any further sightings to a free telephone line. "Lions are dangerous wild animals. Don't confront them when you encounter them," KWS's Paul Udoto tweeted. The KWS spokesman told the BBC that reports in the Kenyan media that six lions were on the loose were exaggerated. The BBC's Abdinoor Aden in Nairobi says the park is separated by a main road from densely populated neighbourhoods in the south of the city. Mr Udoto said he was concerned that people would try and tackle the lions themselves, as has happened in the past. In 2012, four cubs had to be placed in an orphanage after a similar incident led to the killing of their mother. One of the lionesses currently on the loose has left her cubs in the park, Mr Udoto said. Answering a question on Twitter from a worried mother, Mr Udoto advised her to keep her children inside until the lions had been safely returned to the park, adding such incidents were the "perils of born town lions". It is estimated about about 30 lions live in the park.
3 February 2016 Last updated at 10:35 GMT Since she started the J Mobile Laundry Service just over a year ago in the capital, Kampala, Ms Mayanja has built up a workforce of more than 30 women. J Mobile's work has not gone unnoticed, and was recognised by US President Barack Obama at his Young African Leadership Initiative summit last year. Ms Mayanja has ambitions of developing the company and strongly believes that women can make a big difference in the world of business. Women of Africa is a BBC season recognising inspiring women across the continent. The second series, Africa's New Businesswomen, introduces eight female entrepreneurs who are finding success in their country - and beyond. Read more here
"Unprecedented pressure" at Yeovil District Hospital means 80 operations have been cancelled in two weeks. A temporary ward with 24 extra beds was opened in February to cope with winter pressures - but that is also full. Deputy chief executive Jonathan Howes told the BBC:  "Every part of our capacity has been filled." The 345-bed hospital serves a population of about 185,000 - largely in south Somerset, North and West Dorset and parts of Mendip. It has already been on "black alert" - meaning there are not enough beds to cope with numbers coming in to A&E - twice this winter, in January and February. Dr Howes said the pressure was partly explained by the area's ageing population, many of whom have "multiple conditions". There has also been "respiratory conditions" circulating in schools and workplaces. "That, combined with pressures felt in other parts of the system so that we can't discharge people from hospital, has caused the acute crisis right now." "We are always under pressure but the last fortnight has seen the busiest period in our history. "This has been an on-going issue, we have had the highest number of attendances in our emergency department on record, up in the 170s - we normally see about 130. This has been sustained over the last fortnight. " With the "added pressure" of the Easter weekend ahead, the hospital is urging people to "think carefully" before going to A&E - as a "significant number" of those who have been in casualty could have been treated elsewhere, at minor injuries units, GP walk-in centres or by calling 111.
14 May 2015 Last updated at 08:26 BST The goslings needed to leap from the first floor onto tarmac, so crash mats were placed below to create a soft landing. It seemed to do the trick as the little birds made it safely down, bounced on to the mat and waddled off with their parents across the campus. Finlay Macniell from the University of Calgary said: "I was just answering some emails in my office, and a goose flew up onto the roof outside my office window, and was honking loudly, and strutting back and forth, and tapping on my window." He added: "I wasn't sure what was going on at first but then a gosling dropped from a higher level roof above my office down next to mum, and then it was quite clear what the fuss was about." The video, posted by Calgary University, has already been viewed more than 100-thousand times. Pictures from the University of Calgary
Under the current constitution, the president has been unable to seek re-election because he is over the age of 70 and has already served two terms. The opposition say turnout was low and the vote should be annulled. However, official results put the turnout in Sunday's referendum at 72%. More than 1.2 million people voted in favour of the change - 92.3% of voters - while nearly 102,000 rejected it, the electoral commission said. The opposition called for a boycott of the poll and one of its leaders described the official results as a "fraud". "From what we could see on the day of the vote, the announcement that turnout was more than 72% is extremely scandalous," Clement Mierassa told the AFP news agency. President Sassou Nguesso, 71, is one of Africa's longest-serving rulers, first coming to power in 1979 and ruling until 1992 when he lost elections. He returned as president in 1997 after a brief civil war and has since won two elections. He is now coming to the end of his second seven-year term. Tens of thousands of people took part in a peaceful demonstration against the referendum in September. Four people died last week, when security forces dispersed angry protesters in the capital, Brazzaville, and the economic hub of Pointe-Noire. The election is due to take place in 2016. Africa's longest-serving leaders: The arrogance of power The Mobutu and Gaddafi effect
Two communities are claiming compensation and want Shell to clean up their land. Shell said it is at an "early stage" in reviewing the claims and that the case should be heard in Nigeria. The Ogale community of about 40,000 people in Rivers State, on the coast of Nigeria, who are mainly farmers or fishermen, are some of the claimants. Their case is being handled by law firm Leigh Day. Spills since 1989 have meant they don't have clean drinking water, farmland or rivers, their claim says. It points to a November 2015 report by Amnesty International which says four spill sites Shell says it planned to clean up are still contaminated. The first court hearing at the Technology and Construction Court, held on Wednesday, found that the claimants can can lodge a case against Shell's Nigerian business, known as Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria (SPDC).  Shell declined to comment on the ruling. Amnesty's findings followed a 2011 report by United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) which found water contaminated with oil by-products including benzene, thought to be a carcinogen. It suggested a clean up, but said a "sustainable recovery" of the area could take up to 30 years. Shell says it has agreed a clean-up plan. "In mid-2015 SPDC JV, along with the government, UNEP and representatives of the Ogoni community, agreed to an 18-month roadmap to fast-track the environmental clean-up and remediation of Ogoniland which includes a governance framework," it said in a statement. The Bille community, who are mainly fishermen and are the other party to sue, claims Shell should be liable for "failing to protect their pipelines from damage caused by third parties", according to Leigh Day. Pipelines in the area have been targets for thieves who steal crude oil and try to refine it locally. This has lead to more spills and damage though explosions. "Both Bille and Ogale are areas heavily impacted by crude oil theft, pipeline sabotage and illegal refining which remain the main sources of pollution across the Niger Delta. "Ogale is in Ogoniland and it is important to note that SPDC has produced no oil or gas in Ogoniland since 1993.  Access to the area has been limited following a rise in violence, threats to staff and attacks on facilities," Shell said. But the communities say Shell pipelines lack the technology to detect and shut off leaks, whatever the
Is the chancellor intent on using his soft power to take on the hard Brexiteers? He's certainly using it to isolate one very vulnerable prime minister. Mr Hammond, while seemingly content to let her remain in political limbo, has also vented his frustration about his boss, making it clear that Theresa May's team had made sure he had been shut away during the election, forbidden to talk about the economy. He has suggested that this was the key, fatal, majority-losing mistake. His message now: "It's the economy, stupid," and that goes for Brexit too. Monday's talks in Brussels are one baby step on a long journey to a new future. The election has changed everything. There are those in the Conservative Party who think the lesson was clear: hard Brexit has been rejected. "Our power is now limited. To say it is a mess is to state the bleeding obvious," one former minister, an ardent campaigner for Leave, told us. A former minister on the other side of the debate made it clear she had kept her seat because she was an ardent Remainer and was pinning her hopes on the chancellor softening Brexit. Whether or not the chancellor is "on manoeuvres", Mr Hammond is certainly marshalling his arguments. A planned Mansion House speech was postponed because of the Grenfell fire, but was briefed as potentially lobbing a missile into Number 10 and that the chancellor was toying with the idea of arguing to stay in the Customs Union. He hasn't done that. Instead, he told the BBC's Andrew Marr programme that he would prioritise the economy, jobs and skills, while adding: "We're leaving the EU and because we're leaving the EU we will be leaving the single market. And by the way, we'll be leaving the Customs Union." The postponed speech will now be delivered on Tuesday 20 June. In a wider context, to understand the chancellor's language you have to decode the debate and the movement of the Tories biggest beasts, those who consider themselves the natural rulers, who feel that those they see as rebels, or Leavers, have seized control of their citadel. It looks as if a counter-strike by these forces is unfolding before our eyes. Consider: two former prime ministers, John Major and David Cameron, who were humiliated by Eurosceptics, have backed Mr Hammond's view, calling for the economy to be put first and for
The Telegraph reported that players would be given permission to compete in the lucrative Twenty20 competition. But Strauss, 38, said: "I can't foresee any circumstances in which we would weaken our Test team in order to allow a player to play in the IPL or any other franchise-based competition." The IPL takes place in April and May. England play Sri Lanka in two Tests in May 2016, their first action of the domestic summer. Strauss told BBC Test Match Special on Wednesday that "more separation" of the Test and one-day teams will improve their chances of winning the World Cup. Asked about the IPL and the Big Bash, Australia's Twenty20 tournament, he said: "I'm a massive fan. "If you are an overseas player, what those Twenty20 competitions do is put you under real pressure. You have to stand up and deliver." England players, including current ODI captain Eoin Morgan, have competed in the IPL, although they have never missed Tests to do so. Strauss has returned to the UK from the United Arab Emirates, where England lost the first game in the four-match one-day series against Pakistan. One man quick to air his views on the subject was former England batsman Kevin Pietersen, who found himself at odds with the England and Wales Cricket Board over his desire to play in the IPL and commented on Twitter about the developments. "With this decision now, the whole situation is proving to be personal!" he wrote. "[Eoin] Morgan missed an international this year as captain! Missing any Eng cricket for IPL is what I'm on about! Such hypocrisy!" Pietersen was told by Strauss in May that he would not be part of the team's plans for the summer because there was a "massive trust issue". The South African-born batsman was instead offered an advisory role with the England one-day team, but rejected the opportunity. He referred to that offer on Friday when he added: "Why should I advise when I'm still good enough to walk into any England side if there wasn't personal grudges?!"
Bradley Onfroy and Josie Hollis are accused of killing Jordan Hill. Mr Hill died in hospital after being found with injuries at a flat in Southey Avenue, Sheffield, on 23 March. Mr Onfroy, 31, of Badger Close, Sheffield, and Ms Hollis, 24, of no fixed abode, appeared at Sheffield Crown Court and were remanded in custody to stand trial on 20 October. They also denied robbery. More stories from across Yorkshire
The rally is being held to mark the 25th anniversary of the creation of the Islamist militant movement, Hamas. There were also reports of clashes between protesters with Israeli soldiers elsewhere in the West Bank. On Thursday, a Palestinian teenager was shot dead by an Israeli border guard at a checkpoint in Hebron. Israeli police said he had attacked a guard and threatened him with what turned out to be a metal toy pistol. Tensions have been running high in Hebron in the past week following repeated clashes between soldiers and stone-throwing youths. Hebron is home to about 180,000 Palestinians and some 500 Jewish settlers who live in the centre of the city, guarded by Israeli troops. On Thursday, the Palestinian Authority allowed Hamas to organise a rally in the West Bank for the first time since 2007. Some 5,000 people took to the streets of Nablus to celebrate the group's anniversary. Hamas and the rival Fatah faction, which dominates the PA, have made conciliatory gestures towards each other since the end of last month's Israeli offensive on Gaza, which Israel said it launched to stop rocket-fire. "Hamas steadfastness and victory in Gaza was a big victory for all Palestinian people," Amin Makboul, a Fatah leader, said in a speech at Thursday's rally in Nablus. A rift developed between the two groups after Hamas won legislative elections in 2006 and came to power in Gaza a year later. Repeated attempts at reconciliation have so far failed.
Ganesan Nimalaruban died and several other inmates, all Tamil Tiger suspects, were reportedly injured after a failed prison mutiny in the north. The authorities deny mistreating him, saying he died of a heart attack. They say that the prisoners were working with Tamil separatists abroad. Human rights lawyers working with the parents of Mr Nimalaruban have lodged a petition over the death at the Supreme Court. They want to overturn a court ruling that he must be cremated near the capital, Colombo. His grieving mother and father say they would prefer to give him the last rites in their home district, Vavuniya in northern Sri Lanka. They reject assertions by the authorities that such a funeral would be a security risk. It was in the Vavuniya prison that 32 inmates who are Tamil Tiger suspects took three prison guards hostage in late June, holding them for 19 hours in a protest against prisoner transfers. The siege was successfully broken and all the prisoners relocated. But rights campaigners and Tamil MPs say the prison authorities and police worked with other inmates to exact a terrible revenge, attacking them with stones and weapons, physically throwing them or breaking their legs. Nimalaruban's parents said his body was covered in blood. The authorities deny all the accusations. At least one other prisoner is reported to be in a coma and in hospital.
Kirsty Williams said party membership in Wales has grown since last year's general election. Speaking on BBC's The Wales Report programme, she said her party had returned a better result than expected in assembly elections five years ago. She also refused to rule out a deal with other parties this year. "Since the general election, which was a very, very difficult set of results for us, our party membership in Wales has grown," she explained. "We have record numbers of people out on the streets delivering campaigns." Speaking about the last assembly elections, she said: "We defied expectations, we returned with a strong Liberal Democrat group that has punched above its weight for the last five years. "I'm sure we can defy expectations again." She also insisted the Welsh Lib Dems' record proved they can deliver on their promises. Later in the interview, Ms Williams said she would not rule out a deal with any other party after the election to achieve her objectives but she was quick to point out that collaboration with UKIP was unlikely, as their values were "so far apart". Last week, informal talks between the Liberal Democrats, Greens and Plaid Cymru for an assembly electoral pact failed to reach an agreement. When asked if it was her party that pulled the plug on the talks, Ms Williams said: "We were approached informally by another political party about a proposition of doing a pre-election pact. "We didn't think it was the right way to go." Ms Williams added: "What keeps me going is that I know there are no political parties in this coming election that are committed to ensuring that there are the right number of nurses in our hospitals. "We had to drag the Labour party kicking and screaming to introduce a system that put money into the education of our poorest children, and its working, its making a difference."
The images were selected from more than 400 slides made by photographer Joan Wilcock, who died in 1994. The project called Travelling The Archive is a collaborative effort. It involves Skye-based Atlas Arts, artist Nicky Bird, Kyleakin Local History Society and the Portree-based Highland Archive which is operated by High Life Highland. A selection of the images will be installed and projected indoors and out of doors in Kyleakin on 19 March. To promote the new arts projects, photographer Colin Hattersley set up shots of some of today's islanders with prints of Ms Wilcock's portraits.
Wydad were 1-0 winners over 10-man Zanaco of Zambia to move top of the group, with record eight-time champions Al Ahly beating Cameroon's Coton Sport 3-1. That put Ahly level on points with Zanaco, and with identical head-to-heads, Ahly went through, above the Zambians, on goal difference. Zanaco knew a point in Casablanca would have been enough to put them into the last eight, but they were thwarted by a 68th-minute goal from Wydad's Achraf Bencharki in front of the 80,000-capacity stadium. Bencharki's goal came nine minutes after Zanaco defender Taonga Bwenbya was sent off having been yellow-carded a second time. It was the first Champions League loss suffered by Zanaco this season and only the third goal they had conceded after four wins and five draws in qualifying and group matches. Al Ahly, who began their match against Coton Sport knowing only a win would take them through to the knockout stage for the first time since 2013, suffered an early setback. They fell behind at the Borg El Arab Stadium in Alexandria after 12 minutes when veteran defender Ahmed Fathy conceded an own-goal. Amr Gamal came to Ahly's rescue with an equaliser and he also scored the third Ahly goal after Abdallah El Said had given the Cairo club a 2-1 half-time lead. It means four North African clubs have now reach the Champions League quarter-finals, with Esperance and Etoile Sahel of Tunisia already through. There will also be at least two quarter-finalists from southern Africa - defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns of South Africa and Ferroviario Beira of Mozambique who went through after Al Hilal and Al Merreikh were disqualified following Sudan's global Fifa ban.
Detectives say significant efforts were made to conceal the body, which was discovered on Tuesday night. Alice's family have been informed. Formal identification is yet to take place and a post-mortem examination is due to be held later, police said. Convicted murderer Arnis Zalkalns, 41, from Latvia, remains the prime suspect. He was filmed cycling along the Grand Union Canal 15 minutes after Alice had walked along it, on 28 August. It is the last known sighting of the 14-year-old. The body was found in the nearby River Brent. Mr Zalkalns has been missing from his Ealing home since 3 September. Speaking outside Scotland Yard earlier, Commander Graham McNulty said: "We are unable to make a formal identification at this stage, but clearly this news is devastating for everyone involved in the search for Alice. "At this time my thoughts are with Alice's family and friends." He urged anyone with information to come forward, saying it was not too late. "I would like to thank the local community of Ealing who have shown huge support and patience during the course of our investigation. This discovery will have a significant impact throughout the borough," Cdr McNulty said. "You only need to walk around the surrounding streets to see the effect that Alice's disappearance has had on the whole community." Lauren Turner, BBC News Two women, dressed in black save for the yellow ribbon that has served as a symbol of hope for Alice Gross, walk down Hanwell's Greenford Avenue as they carry out a sombre task. One has tears in her eyes as she methodically rips the pieces of paper from lampposts and trees - the missing posters bearing Alice's image. For this community, which rallied together in the wake of the teenager's disappearance, the discovery of a body in the River Brent has cast the darkest shadow. In a local supermarket, the talk has been about the sadness everyone feels at the latest development. The shopkeeper said: "I feel very very sad. Especially for her mum. "I am a mother too - I have a 14-year-old boy. I really feel for her." Grief in Hanwell as body found Cdr McNulty read the statement out at 06:30 BST. BBC News reporter Jon Brain, who was at Scotland Yard, said: "The body hasn't been identified yet but you can be rest assured that detectives would not be holding a press conference at
Froch, 37, will make his screen debut in a film called Once Upon a Time In London. The Nottingham fighter has consulted industry legends such as Samuel L Jackson for tips and said he will play a "tough guy or a villain". "I'll probably be chucking someone in the River Thames," said Froch. Froch, who admits he is "in a bit of a dilemma" whether he should continue his boxing career, would not be the first fighter to swap the sweat of the gym for the glare of the camera. Former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson played a cameo role in recent Hollywood hit The Hangover, while Irish former middleweight champion Steve Collins held a minor part in Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. "I'm by no stage of the imagination an actor, I don't think you're listening to the next Robert De Niro," Froch told BBC Radio 5 live. "[Former footballer] Vinnie Jones did well out of it, I think [former Commonwealth diver] Jason Statham did well from no real experience and they've gone on to have good careers. "When I was on the Jonathan Ross Show I met Sir Ben Kingsley - acting royalty - I've met Samuel L Jackson, Michael Douglas. I've been talking to them and asking how they got into it. Nobody became a superstar overnight. "A lot of the time they play themselves, so that was the advice: be yourself." Froch, who has 33 wins from 35 fights, last competed when he knocked out George Groves at Wembley Stadium in May 2014. He has since appeared on BBC gymnastics show Tumble and said he was envious of former Manchester United striker Dion Dublin, who has landed a role presenting Homes under the Hammer. He vacated the IBF world title earlier this year and fellow Briton James DeGale will now fight American Andre Dirrell for the belt on 23 May. Froch added: "The only two things left for me to do would be to fight at the Nottingham Forest City Ground that'll hold 30,000 and they'll be all loyal my fans, or in Las Vegas. "[Mexico's] Julio Cesar Chavez Junior is fighting in April and that's a fight that could still happen for me in August or September." You can listen to Carl Froch's interview on BBC 5 live in short.
The monarch was speaking as she formally opened the fifth session of the Scottish Parliament. She stressed the need for political leaders to make "room for quiet thinking and contemplation". It was her first major address since the UK voted for Brexit in last month's referendum. The result has ignited calls for a new referendum on Scottish independence, with Scotland facing the prospect of having to leave the European Union despite voting by 62% to 38% in favour of remaining. The Queen told the Holyrood chamber that the world was "increasingly complex and demanding" and that developments can take place at "remarkable speed". She added: "Retaining the ability to stay calm and collected can at times be hard. "As this parliament has successfully demonstrated over the years, one hallmark of leadership in such a fast-moving world is allowing sufficient room for which can enable deeper consideration of how challenges and opportunities can be best addressed." The chamber also heard from Scotland's first minister, Nicola Sturgeon, who said MSPs had been given the "precious opportunity to contribute to building a better country - and build it we will". Ms Sturgeon added: "To do so we must be bold and ambitious. We must show courage and determination. Our collective commitment to the people of Scotland today is that we will not shy away from any challenge we face, no matter how difficult or deep-rooted." If you are the first minister, you can make your point directly. And so Nicola Sturgeon concluded her remarks at Holyrood today by urging MSPs and Scotland more generally "to play our part in a stronger Europe and a better world." If you are the presiding officer, you can say what you mean to say, without challenge. And so Ken Macintosh, in a notably well-structured speech, urged optimism in these troubled and uncertain times. However, if you are Her Majesty the Queen, you have to be more circumspect. The palace reacted furiously when one newspaper purported to know the views of the monarch upon the EU referendum question. Further, although she is the sovereign, she operates within a careful power balance in which she is not supposed to interfere in decisions taken by elected representatives. Did she interfere today? She did not. Did she, however, contrive to convey an overview upon the events of the past week? She did, albeit in the context of urging calm, cool heads.
Set 238 to win, Pakistan reached their target with 23 balls to spare thanks to Sarfraz Ahmed's unbeaten 101 in Adelaide. Ireland captain William Porterfield earlier made 107, but his wicket triggered a slide to 237 all out. The Irish finish fifth in Pool B, behind West Indies on net run-rate, while Pakistan go on to meet Australia in Adelaide in the last eight on Friday. Before the tournament, Cricket Ireland chief executive Warren Deutrom said it would be a "failure" if Porterfield's side did not reach the quarter-finals. But for the third World Cup in succession, the Irish have acquitted themselves well, winning three games and beating two Test-playing sides in West Indies and Zimbabwe. England won only two matches, neither against Test nations. Indeed, Ireland could have reasonably expected to go through with six points, only for their elimination to come as a result of several factors. Heavy losses to South Africa and India damaged their net run rate, West Indies earned three big wins to boost theirs, while Pakistan recovered from two opening defeats to claim four successive victories. This latest win continues the improvement of Misbah-ul-Haq's men, echoing the Pakistan side that began poorly when the tournament was last held in Australia and New Zealand in 1992, only to go and lift the trophy. For Ireland, their creditable showing will be used as evidence by those who say the next World Cup should not be cut from its current 14-team format to only 10 sides. The Irish still have the chance to qualify for that tournament as well as the opportunity to earn Test status through the 2017 Intercontinental Cup. Victory over Pakistan at the Adelaide Oval would have seen them progress past the first round of the World Cup for the second time, but they were unable to take enough runs from a disciplined attack, then lacked the penetration and accuracy to make the chase uncomfortable. Plenty of the Ireland top order got starts, but there was not enough support for Porterfield, who pulled, clipped and drove his way to the highest score made by an associate captain in a World Cup match. However, the collective accuracy of the Pakistan pace attack was impressive and, when left-hander Porterfield miscued Sohail Khan to mid-on, the lower order was exposed. Despite the sluggish nature of the wicket, the Irish regularly found trouble playing the short ball, with
The company said it was looking into the matter, which could be caused by wireless interference, and suggested gamers sat closer to the console. It comes after some players complained about their screens containing dead pixels that created black squares. The console has received largely positive reviews and is selling well. Reports about problems with the controllers, known as Joy-Con, have been around since before the launch of the console, among those who had pre-release review units. It seems to affect play when the console is connected to the TV and the controllers are being used wirelessly. On its support page, Nintendo advised users to make sure that the Switch console was placed "out in the open" and not behind a TV, in or under a metal object or near an aquarium. It also advised users to make sure the console had the latest software update and to "try to decrease the distance" between the Joy-Con and the console. The problem seems to be worse in the left-hand controller and some, including games writer Jeff Gerstmann, report it is affected by how close users sit to the TV. A video posted on YouTube suggested that while the right-hand Joy-Con had a dedicated antenna, the left-hand one was harder to find. "The antenna is printed directly on the controller's circuit board; it's not a separate unit inside the device. Second, the antenna is located beneath the controller's shoulder button and next to the housing for the controller's joystick," said gaming website Polygon. "All of that could block or weaken the Bluetooth signal," it added. A straw poll on the social media platform Reddit suggested that 20% of respondents (out of a total of 6,300) had experienced some kind of issue with their Switch console. Piers Harding-Rolls, an analyst at research firm IHS Markit said: "Obviously, if this does occur when gaming it can be frustrating, but generally I don't think this is impacting people's enjoyment of the platform too heavily." "What is perhaps making it worse is that the right Joy-Con has better connectivity which is highlighting the left's relative weakness. "If this is a design issue, I expect Nintendo to look closely at adjusting the lay-out of the antenna in the left Joy-Con to help solve the issue, as the fix would appear relatively straightforward."
Brady presented his case during a 10-hour hearing on Tuesday. The 37-year-old was punished by the NFL (National Football League) after it was decided he was "generally aware" of a scheme to deflate footballs. The incident happened in the Patriots' play-off win over Indianapolis Colts, which sent them to the Super Bowl. An NFL investigation claimed the Patriots had deflated match balls to give themselves an advantage in their 45-7 victory. They went on to win the Super Bowl XLIX. According to reports, 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the rain-affected match were under-inflated below set standards by about two pounds per square inch, giving Brady more grip in the cold and wet conditions. Brady was "at least generally aware of inappropriate activities", according to the independent Wells Report. But Brady's father, Tom Brady Sr, labelled the investigation "Frame-gate", and the player's agent Don Yee said the ban was "ridiculous" and lacked "legitimate basis". The quarterback will not receive any pay during his ban, while the team were fined $1m (£642,000). NFL commissioner Roger Goodell presided over Brady's hearing, despite a request from the Players Association' for a neutral arbitrator. No set time frame has been made for the outcome of the appeal.
Felix has been the resident pet at Huddersfield railway station in West Yorkshire since 2011, when she was brought in to catch mice. She has now been given a high-vis vest and made Senior Pest Controller. A cat flap has also been built at the ticket barrier to allow her platform access. Felix's success has been covered by newspapers in Taiwan, the Netherlands and Hong Kong. The story saw a surge in popularity after the Huddersfield Examiner pounced on Felix's "purr-motion". At the time of writing, a page for Felix has amassed over 20,000 'likes' on Facebook. A First TransPennine Express spokesman said: "Felix came to the station when she was nine weeks old five years ago. "We haven't kept a mice tally, but we think she's caught three recently." The station said the cat was also a "natural" at chasing off pigeons on the station's platforms. Felix is not the first "station cat" to find global fame - Tama, a stray which was made a station master in western Japan, was credited with turning a loss-making railway company around thanks to the number of tourists it attracted. After Tama's death last June, thousands of people attended a Shinto-style funeral where the cat was elevated to the status of a goddess.
Myles Bradbury has lodged an appeal against a 22-year jail sentence imposed last December. He admitted abusing 18 children at Addenbrooke's in Cambridge between 2009 and 2013. The mother of the 11-year-old abused when he was kept on as a patient told the BBC Bradbury should never be freed. Bradbury, 41, from Herringswell in Suffolk, was jailed at Cambridge Crown Court for sexual assault, voyeurism and possessing more than 16,000 indecent images. The court heard the images of his victims were taken in the hospital. Victims told investigators Bradbury had focused on examining their private parts when there was no medical need to do so. The child, who is now 13, was referred to Bradbury because his older sister had a blood disorder and it was feared he might have the same condition. But, his mother said, there was nothing wrong with him. Instead of discharging him from his patient list, Bradbury continued seeing and abusing the boy for a year. The boy is currently on heavy medication to deal with the mental effects of his abuse. His mother said she did not know how Bradbury could appeal. She said: "He is in prison now, probably doing his crafts or whatever. We are suffering every day. "He does not understand the knock-on effect he has had on families." Bradbury's appeal will be heard at the Royal Courts of Justice on 12 June.
St Mary's Church in Llanfair Kilgeddin, between Abergavenny and Raglan, was targeted between 2 and 3 August. An oak door, valued at about Â£1,000, was damaged, along with four oil lamps dating back 300 years. Metal organ pipes and a brass plaque were stolen. Matthew Saunders, director of Friends of Friendless Churches, said: "They left it looking like a bomb landed." Gwent Police is investigating the theft and Mr Saunders said he thought thieves were targeting metal inside the building. "It's completely absurd because the metal is worth practically nothing," he said. "We're very upset by it, but we will not be deterred from opening the church." Friends of Friendless Churches saved St Mary's from closure when it took over in the late 1980s. The building is medieval in origin. Mr Saunders said the total value of the theft and damage was not fully known, adding: "It's both petty and monstrously disrespectful." A decision on what to do about the missing pipes from the mid-19th Century organ will be taken when the church committee meets in October.
Vidot, 26, joined Salford in November 2015 and the Samoa international scored six tries in 10 games during an injury-affected season. The former Brisbane three-quarter also had a trial with World Wrestling Entertainment in 2015. "We understand that family is hugely important," head coach Ian Watson said. "Daniel provides a lot for his loved ones, and we were never going to stand in his way when he said he wanted to go back." Vidot added: "I've really enjoyed my time here, it wasn't an easy season with injuries but I really gave it my best shot. "It's a decision made purely for my own reasons and has nothing to do with anyone at the club."
The bridge over the M20 near Maidstone in Kent was hit by a lorry carrying a digger on Saturday. A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs and a lorry driver was treated for shock. The M20 will be closed between junctions 1 and 4 coast-bound and junctions 4 and 2 London-bound from 20:00 BST on Friday until 06:00 Monday. The collapsed section of the pedestrian bridge, near the village of Addington, was removed from the scene last weekend, and the road was reopened a day later. Highways England said the remaining structure was being constantly monitored and was structurally sound and safe for traffic to pass underneath with a temporary 50mph speed limit in place. Chief highway engineer Catherine Brookes said: "We naturally need to remove it under safe controlled conditions this weekend. "We will use the closures to carry out as much work as possible, including barrier repairs, resurfacing and litter picking. "We will start planning the replacement in due course." The coast-bound M26 will also be closed from the M25 junction 5. Diversions will be in place via the A229 and M2/A2 to join the M25 at junction 2. Local traffic will be able to use the A20. Access to the A21 from the anti-clockwise M25 will also be closed with a diversion via junction 4. The M20 is the main route to the Channel Tunnel and Port of Dover.
The 45-year-old man from the Swansea valley was riding a Kawasaki ZX 1000 when he crashed into the animal on the A4069 between Llangadog and Brynamman. He was taken to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales after the crash, which happened just before 18:00 BST on Sunday. Dyfed-Powys Police is investigating.
Bilel Ayadi, 34, who is in a medically-induced coma, has been unable to tell detectives how he sustained burns to his torso and neck. He was found walking in Finsbury Park, north London, on 23 March. Mr Ayadi had walked bare-chested for about two miles, police said. He was found in Woodberry Grove at about 22:30 GMT by two security guards, who called police. Appealing for information, Det Con Anwen Clissold said Mr Ayadi would have "been very distinctive". "It may well be that he was already injured as he made his way through the streets," she said. "We are still trying to establish what has caused his burns but what we do know is that a young man has sustained some very serious injuries. I need to find out how." Mr Ayadi's brother, Abderrezak Ayadi, said: "Bilel is my brother and at this moment he is lying in hospital with terrible injuries. "Imagine if this was someone from your family. We just need to find out exactly what happened to him." Algerian national Mr Ayadi, who has lived in the UK for the past six years, is described as 5ft 11in (1.8m) tall and of medium build.
Ms Hyslop is to undertake "an intensive week of activity" focusing on business, trade, tourism, education and culture. She will meet business leaders in Tokyo and Nagasaki to promote Scotland as a place to invest and do business. The cabinet secretary said Japan was "a very important international partner for Scotland". The Scottish government said Japan was one of the top 20 destinations for Scottish exports, and was the seventh largest source of foreign direct investment with Japanese firms employing 6,250 people in Scotland. Ms Hyslop, who previously visited Japan in 2015, will meet senior figures from companies which are already investing in Scotland, such as Mitsubishi, life sciences firm Kyowa Hakko Kirin and medical firm Reprocell. She said: "Scotland and Japan have much in common - a wealth of expertise, a passion for innovation, a highly educated and skilled workforce, and a desire for increased international collaboration across all sectors. "There will be much to share and much to discuss during my time there, including providing reassurance that, despite the UK's vote to leave the EU, Scotland remains a progressive, outward-looking internationalist country that is open for business and ripe for investment. "I'm confident our dialogue will deliver mutual benefits."
The billionaire, who was a prominent backer of Brexit, told the BBC he was "enormously optimistic" about trading with the rest of the world. His comments came as his engineering firm Dyson reported a 41% increase in profits to £631m. The popularity of its vacuum cleaners in fast-growing Asian markets was a major reason for the rise. The company said sales of its products increased by 45% to £2.5bn, helped by growth of 244% in China, 266% in Indonesia and 200% in the Philippines. The success of new product lines such as hair dryers also fuelled growth. On Wednesday, Prime Minister Theresa May is due to start the process of the UK leaving the EU. In an interview with the BBC, Sir James said: "Europe's only 15% of the global market and the really fast-expanding markets are in the Far East. "I'm enormously optimistic because looking outwards to the rest of the world is very, very important because that's the fast-growing bit." Sir James Dyson is the poster child for the kind of global-facing confidence the government is keen to harness in a week that it signals the beginning of the end of the UK's membership of the EU. The entrepreneur has been a prominent supporter of Brexit and remains clear that British business success lies beyond Europe. He is putting his money where his mouth is - investing £2.5bn, expanding his Wiltshire base by buying 500 acres of old airfield in Hullavington and hoping to double his 3,500 workforce in the next four years. Critics, though, say that while he designs products in the UK, he manufactures them in the Far East and so his export arrangements may not be subject to the same Brexit uncertainty as for those manufacturing in the UK. Sir James said it would be possible to remain close to Europe after Brexit, while also forging closer ties with Commonwealth countries. "I'm a patriot, which is why I'm rather keen on re-connecting with the Commonwealth," he said. And he rejected the suggestion EU staff could be forced to leave the UK - saying it was "absolute nonsense to suggest countries are going to chuck out foreign citizens". The entrepreneur, who has criticised the lack of British engineers, also defended his decision to have major operations in Asia, saying the firm's intellectual property and profits were still in the UK. "I'm resident in England, we pay
Jack Brereton, 25, will stand in the Stoke-on-Trent Central election triggered by the resignation of Labour MP Tristram Hunt. Meanwhile, Trudy Harrison, 40, who lives in the village of Bootle where she was a parish councillor for a number of years, will stand in Copeland. The by-election was called following the resignation of Labour's Jamie Reed. Mr Reed said he was stepping down to take a job at the Sellafield nuclear plant while Mr Hunt has taken up a director's role at the Victoria and Albert Museum. The Conservatives are quietly confident of doing well in both Copeland and Stoke-on-Trent Central, places that were once safe Labour seats but are now seen as being in play in the volatile Brexit climate. In choosing a candidate for the west Cumbrian seat who has worked at Sellafield, the Conservatives are making a statement of their support for the nuclear industry, the constituency's largest employer. If he were to win, the Conservative candidate in Stoke - 25 year-old Jack Brereton - would become one of the country's youngest MPs, although he already has plenty of experience having served on the local council for five years. The party finished third in the seat in the 2015 election and faces a strong challenge from UKIP, whose leader Paul Nuttall is standing, as well as a Labour Party who on Wednesday evening chose former Newcastle-under-Lyme Borough Council leader Gareth Snell as its candidate. Ms Harrison said she would campaign on supporting the local nuclear industry and backing the UK plans to leave the European Union. "Copeland has had Labour MPs and Labour Councils for years," she said. "They've ignored us and failed to deliver the jobs, infrastructure and services we need, and now they want to ignore how we voted in the referendum." Mr Brereton, who was elected to represent the Baddeley, Milton and Norton ward on Stoke-on-Trent City Council in 2011, said: "This by-election has come at a crucial time for our country. "It is an opportunity for the people of Stoke to send a message that the referendum result must be respected, and to back the Prime Minister's clear plan to make a success of Brexit." Voting in both constituencies takes place on 23 February. The other candidates so far declared in Copeland are: Liberal Democrats: Rebecca Hanson UKIP: Fiona Mills Labour Party: Gill Troughton The other candidates in Stoke are: Liberal Democrats: Zulfiqar
He made the comments during a "candid exchange" with his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, in Hangzhou before the G20 summit, the White House said. In July, an international tribunal ruled against Chinese claims to rights in the South China Sea. China dismissed the ruling and said it would not be bound by it. The ruling was made by an arbitration tribunal under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), which both China and the country that brought the case - the Philippines - have signed. The White House said Mr Obama emphasised "the importance for China, as a signatory to UNCLOS, to abide by its obligations under that treaty, which the United States views as critical to maintaining the rules-based international order". Chinese media reports on the meeting between Mr Obama and Mr Xi made no mention of any discussion about the South China Sea. China claims almost all of the South China Sea, including reefs and islands also claimed by other nations, and has caused dismay in the region by building artificial islands and restricting access. Earlier on Saturday, the US and China - together responsible for 40% of the world's carbon emissions - both formally joined the Paris global climate agreement. "History will judge today's effort as pivotal," Mr Obama said. Last December, countries agreed to cut emissions in an attempt to keep the global average rise in temperatures below 2C.
The 23-year-old, who started his career at Carlisle, has signed a three-year dealt with an option of a further year. Head coach Paul Heckingbottom said: "He brings something different to our midfield with his height and strength. "He's shown real progression and ability throughout his time in football and is someone we have wanted to bring to the club for a while." Barnsley begin their Championship season with a trip to Ashton Gate to face Bristol City on Saturday. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 21-year-old woman, who police said was a sex worker, was found early on Wednesday in Springwell Road, off Water Lane, in Holbeck. She was taken to Leeds General Infirmary for treatment, but died a short time later. A 38-year-old man was later arrested and questioned by officers investigating the death. West Yorkshire Police said the woman's identity was known, but her family had not yet been informed. Det Supt Simon Atkinson said they wanted to hear from anyone who was in the Springwell Road area between 20:00 GMT on Tuesday and 01:30 on Wednesday. He added: "We can confirm that the victim was a sex worker and the incident has taken place in the managed area where sex workers operate within a defined area during set hours. "We are therefore appealing to anyone involved in any aspect of sex work in the managed area in Holbeck to let us know anything they have seen or heard that could assist the investigation."
Committee chairwoman Bethan Jenkins said it would "better reflect Welsh life" and AMs were pleased it was being considered by the corporation. AMs also called for an extra Â£30m to be spent each year on BBC English-language drama and broadcasting about Wales. The BBC said plans for more spending would be announced "in due course". The broadcaster has previously conceded aspects of Welsh life had not been "sufficiently captured" by its TV services in Wales. During its inquiry into the state of the broadcast media industry in Wales, BBC Director General Lord Hall told the Culture, Welsh Language and Communications Committee that putting Wales-based news bulletins on Radio 1 and 2 was being discussed as part of a review. Ms Jenkins said her committee believed "flagship stations such as Radio 1 and Radio 2 should carry Wales-specific opt-outs for their news programmes to better reflect Welsh life". AMs were "pleased to hear" this was being seriously considered, she added. The committee's report said there should be no more funding cuts for S4C until an independent review of the channel had been completed. It also called on ITV Wales to take a more proactive approach to getting its programmes broadcast across the ITV network. A BBC spokeswoman said: "We've said that improving how we portray and represent the different nations of the UK - including Wales - on our UK-wide services is a priority for the new Charter period. "As part of this we've committed to spending more on English-language television programming in Wales and will set out the proposals in due course."
Out of 39 mental health trusts that provided figures for their crisis teams, 27 had seen their workload increase - 70%. And some had seen referrals rise by as much as 60% - but without a comparable rise in funding. NHS England said an extra Â£400m would be spent on crisis resolution teams. BBC Radio 5 live contacted all 54 mental health trusts who run crisis teams in England. One of them, East London NHS Foundation Trust, revealed its crisis team had seen referrals increase from 7,057 to 11,368 last year, a 60% rise in demand. Camillo Parra-Braun's wife, Mariana, died by suicide at the age of 32 in October last year. Mr Parra-Braun had contacted the City and Hackney mental health home-visit team twice that day because of concerns about his wife's deteriorating mental health. He was told they were unlikely to be able to see them before 17:00 and more likely nearer 19:00. If he had urgent concerns, they said, he should contact the police. But help came too late for Mariana. Mr Parra-Braun said: "And after I learned of her death, my phone rang, and it was the crisis team, and they told me they would be arriving around 19:00." A statement from East London NHS Foundation Trust said: "We would like to extend our condolences to the family and friends of Mariana Pinto and everyone who has been affected by this tragic event. "Following the incident, the trust subsequently carried out a thorough review into the care and treatment of Mariana Pinto which involved meeting with family to discuss the case and establish their concerns. "The patient's family were also given the opportunity to contribute to the report." In 2014, a report for NHS England acknowledged the system was "stacked against" mental health. And last year a further report for NHS England said the majority of crisis teams "are not currently sufficiently resourced to operate 24/7, with caseloads above levels that allow teams to fulfil their core functions". Staff working within teams were too scared to speak publicly, but one person told BBC News anonymously: "Our referrals are increasing all the time. "And no, we do not have enough money to deal with [the] increase in referrals. "The CCG [Clinical Commissioning Group, which allocates NHS funding locally] simply does not have any money." An NHS England representative said: "NHS investment in mental health services is rising
For just a few weeks of the year, Scotland is peppered with stunning pockets of pink as cherry tree blossom comes into full bloom. BBC Scotland news readers have been sending us their photographs of the beautiful blossom in their neighbourhoods. To celebrate this all-too-brief season, we have compiled a selection of some of the best. If you would like to share your photos of Scotland's blossoming trees, send them to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics
Bayley, who had pleaded guilty, was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum jail term of 35 years. Ms Meagher, originally from County Louth, was attacked in Melbourne last September as she walked home. The judge described Bayley as a "recidivist sex offender". Bayley was on parole for previous rape convictions when he attacked Ms Meagher. The case has led to criticism of the parole system in Australia's Victoria state. In an earlier hearing, the court was told that Bayley had a history of violent sex attacks. Judge Geoffrey Nettle said Bayley's rape of Ms Meagher was "savage and degrading". "This is a recidivist, violent sex offender who intended to kill and this killing is amongst the worst of its kind," he said. However, he said that Bayley's guilty plea had to be taken into consideration in the sentence. "As bad as your crimes are, you will have the opportunity in jail to strive for rehabilitation and I propose to set a non-parole period as an incentive for you to try." In a statement, Ms Meagher's family said: "This despicable crime against Gillian has happened and it has taken nine months to get resolved and to get justice." "The police and prosecutors have ensured that justice has been done and we as a family want to thank them for this." Ms Meagher's husband, Tom, said in a statement last week that his life would "never be normal again". "I miss her insight, fun and wit, her huge smile and infectious personality," he said. Ms Meagher, who was originally from Drogheda, moved to Australia from Ireland in 2009 with her husband. She worked for ABC Radio but went missing during a night out with colleagues. Her body was discovered six days later buried on the outskirts of the city. News of her death prompted thousands to take part in a rally against violence against women.
Aaron McEneff put the Candystripes in control with two first-half penalties, both given for fouls on Lukas Schubert. Nathan Boyle fired home early in the second half and Schubert hammered in the fourth before Keith Ward's late lob completed the Finn Park rout. Derry go a point ahead of Cork City and the teams meet at the Brandywell on Monday night in a crunch encounter. It was Derry's first win over their north-west rivals in three meetings this season and they were rarely troubled by a disappointing Harps side. McEneff tucked away the opener on 17 minutes after Ciaran Coll's challenge on Schubert, although the foul appeared to be outside the box. There was no doubt the second spot-kick, with former Candystripes midfielder Barry Molloy bringing downing Schubert and McEneff making it 2-0 three minutes from the break. Boyle produced a clinical finish from a Dean Jarvis cut-back eight minutes after the restart. City keeper Gerard Doherty had a quiet night but he made a fine save to deny David Scully in the host's best opening of the game. Schubert flicked the ball past Coll before blasting in after 83 minutes and it was soon followed by Ward's clever chip over Harps stopper Richard Brush. It was Derry's biggest win of the campaign and perfect preparation for the showdown with Cork.
Nine Madryn Street, Toxteth, where the drummer lived until he was four, is among 271 homes which are due to be cleared under regeneration plans. Housing Minister Grant Shapps had asked for alternative plans to be considered to renovate the homes. The communities secretary still needs to approve the plans before demolition. Eric Pickles is considering a request by campaigners for a full environmental assessment before the area is razed. The street is one of several known as the Welsh Streets, which were built in the late 19th Century when there was an influx of Welsh people who came to Liverpool to work as dockers. At a planning meeting at Liverpool Town Hall earlier, residents of the streets pleaded with the council to knock down what they called "damp slums" and replace them with modern homes. Opponents of the demolition said the streets had historical importance to Beatles fans as well as potential tourist value. The childhood homes of John Lennon - Mendips, in Menlove Avenue - and Sir Paul McCartney - in Forthlin Road - are preserved as tourist attractions supported by the National Trust. George Harrison's Arnold Grove childhood home remains a private house. A request for the Madryn Street house to be put under a preservation order was turned down by English Heritage last year, which ruled the property had no associations with the success of the Beatles as a group. Liverpool City Council Leader Joe Anderson said the area was in dire need of regeneration. He said: "A majority of the local community have expressed support for our plans since we started consulting on this plan over a decade ago. "They are sick of living in poky, damp infested properties. They want and deserve decent, modern homes with gardens and space for a car and are exasperated and frustrated at the delays to this scheme." He added: "I pledged last year that if a developer came forward with a viable proposal to retain the Welsh Streets then we would look seriously at their plans. I am sorry to say that this has not happened. "It is simply not fair to keep the local community in limbo any longer. "People have been voting with their feet for years and moving away from the Welsh Streets which is why the housing market in the area has completely collapsed." Irene Milson, chair of the tenants' and residents' association, said
A Derry board statement said Barton had been appointed in September 2015 "for an agreed period of two years". "We would like to sincerely thank Damian, his management and all players who have represented their county during this period," it read. The statement added that nominations for the job would be sought from clubs. Barton had a creditable first year in charge of Derry as his side reached the Dr McKenna Cup Final and also narrowly missed out on qualifying for the All-Ireland quarter-finals after losing by a point to eventual semi-finalists Tipperary in the last qualifying round. However despite that promising opening season, Barton's squad was badly depleted this year by the withdrawal of several experienced campaigners. The under-strength Oak Leafers suffered relegation to Division Three of the Football League on points difference and then were well beaten by Tyrone in their opening Ulster SFC game for the second successive season. While they regrouped to beat Waterford in the qualifiers, Saturday's extra-time defeat by Mayo saw Derry exiting from the championship. Barton side were leading the Castlebar game up until a minute from the end of normal time but despite a brave effort, Derry had nothing left in extra time as Mayo eventually won 2-21 to 1-13.
Tycoon Sir Terry Matthews, JoJo Mamam Bebe founder Laura Tenison and Cardiff Airport chairman Roger Lewis are among 10 who have signed a letter backing the case for remaining in the EU. It highlights access to the European market and EU investment in skills. The Leave campaign argues that business would still be able to trade with the EU after Brexit. It also believes funding that comes from the EU to Wales could be replaced by Westminster from the savings of not paying for EU membership. But in the letter, the business leaders argue: "Our membership of the EU is vital to the Welsh economy - giving Wales favourable access to a market of 500 million people, supporting competitiveness and innovation and spreading investment in infrastructure to all parts of Wales." At the moment, 41% of exports from Wales go to the European Union. That has risen from £4.7 billion worth of goods and services in 1999 to £5 billion in 2015. Those who support leaving the EU claim it would allow exporters to focus more on growing markets further afield. Exports from Wales to countries outside the EU have risen from £1.7 billion in 1999 to £7.2 billion  in 2015. If Brexit does happen, selling abroad will be dependent on what trade deals can be negotiated with other countries. Skills is one of the key areas for businesses and the letter goes on to say: "Investing in skills is so important to raise income levels and encourage further business growth, and in this decade, we will see £1 billion of EU funds invested in young people, training and skills." Others who signed the letter include: Advocates of leaving the EU argue the money saved from membership fees could be reinvested in other areas. Reality Check: Would Brexit put 400,000 jobs at risk? What does the EU referendum mean for Wales? Businesses on Anglesey on the referendum The independent think-tank, Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), has warned the savings from membership fees do not take any account of the potential damage to the economy of leaving the EU. Most business surveys suggest that firms are, to a greater or lesser extent, in favour of remaining in the EU. In April, aerospace company Airbus, wrote to its 6,000 workers in Flintshire warning about the risks of voting to leave the European Union.
The so-called Immortal Regiment procession sees people carrying flowers and portraits of loved-ones. It followed Russia's annual Victory Day parade, which marks the anniversary of the Soviet victory over Nazi Germany in World War Two.
Media playback is not supported on this device Haskins was awarded the belt after Randy Caballero was stripped of his title after weighing in five and a half pounds over the limit for last Saturday's fight, which had been due to take place at the Mandalay Bay Hotel. Bristol-based manager, Chris Sanigar, told BBC Points West about his future hopes for 32-year-old Haskins.
And far from the mood since the general election easing on the matter of "sound money", the word among senior figures in the department is that now is the time "to hold our nerve". Sources close to the chancellor point out that plans to balance the books - meaning that the government only spends as much as it receives in revenues, mostly in taxes - have already been delayed three times since 2010. The present target is for the deficit - that difference between government income and expenditure - to be eliminated by 2025. Philip Hammond wants to maintain that plan. He sticks to a pretty well-known script when asked about increasing public spending. Government wealth, he says, comes from three main areas. The first is taxes - which, it is pointed out, the chancellor tried to increase in March, only for plans to raise national insurance contributions to be abandoned when it was revealed that it breached the Conservatives' 2015 manifesto pledge not to increase income tax, national insurance or VAT. Is increasing taxes any more palatable now? Second, borrowing - which the chancellor makes clear means increasing the amount of money that needs to be paid back by future generations. And, finally, an increase in the ability of the economy to create wealth - called productivity. It is this last area that is the most important and, conversely, the least open to direct government intervention. The Treasury - as much as it might want to - cannot simply demand that the private and public sector becomes more efficient at delivering goods and services. It takes time, money and training in skills - none of which the UK has a particularly proud tradition in. And anything that is done by the government - such as increasing investment in infrastructure projects like digital broadband or new railway links - takes a long time to feed through to stronger wealth creation, higher economic growth and higher government tax receipts. It is in within such classically "Treasury" parameters that Mr Hammond would like to see the present debate on increasing public spending considered. Today, pressure is growing from Cabinet ministers such as Boris Johnson and Michael Gove for the government to relax its approach to the public sector pay cap, as my colleague Iain Watson reports. The Institute for Fiscal Studies estimates that every 1% increase in public sector pay would cost
The number of victims has risen from 560 to 741, with 96% aged between four and 20. Meanwhile, 276 potential suspects have been identified - a rise of 24 in the past three months. Some 328 football clubs, spanning all tiers of the game, are involved in the inquiry, called Operation Hydrant. A hotline was set up to report abuse last year when a number of ex-footballers said they were victims as youngsters. Police forces across the UK have received an increased number of calls from victims and from people offering information. The investigation is being co-ordinated by the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC), which urged anyone who may have been a victim to report it. Chief constable Simon Bailey, NPCC lead for child protection, said all allegations and information received is being acted on. "When allegations are reported it enables police to assess whether there are current safeguarding risks and ensure that appropriate action is being taken to prevent children being abused today," he added. The NPCC said 27 referrals to the inquiry related to sports other than football. These referrals include basketball, rugby, gymnastics, martial arts, tennis, wrestling, golf, sailing, athletics, cricket and swimming. The Football Association has also begun an independent review, led by Clive Sheldon QC, into its handling of abuse allegations in the years prior to 2005. The hotline set up by the NSPCC is available 24 hours a day on 0800 0232642.
Zaur Dadayev shot the former deputy prime minister, a vocal critic of President Vladimir Putin, in February 2015 near the Kremlin. Four others acted as accomplices. The group were allegedly promised $250,000 (Â£192,000) to kill Nemtsov. They all denied the charges. Nemtsov's relatives fear that whoever ordered the murder will never be found. Russian authorities are still looking for another Chechen said to be behind the killing, Ruslan Mukhudinov. He believed to have fled abroad. But lawyers for Nemtsov's family have said the investigators have exaggerated Mr Mukhudinov's role and "the masterminds are high-ranking people". The jury in Moscow convicted the five men after more than eight months of hearings. Zaur Dadayev is former member of an elite military unit. He was under the command of pro-Moscow's Ramzan Kadyrov, the head of Russia's Chechen Republic in the North Caucasus. The other four defendants are brothers Anzor Gubashev and Shadid Gubashev, Khamzat Bakhayev and Tamerlan Eskerkhanov. A sixth man, Beslan Shabanov, died while he was being detained in Chechnya. Nemtsov served as first deputy prime minister under President Boris Yeltsin in the 1990s, and later became a vocal critic of President Putin. The 55-year-old was shot dead on 27 February 2015 on his way from a restaurant in central Moscow. Earlier that day he was interviewed on a liberal radio station, in which he had called on listeners to join a rally. At the time, Nemtsov was working on a report examining Russia's alleged role in the conflict in Ukraine. President Putin called the murder "vile and cynical" and vowed to hold those responsible to account. Russia has seen several killings of high-profile politicians and journalists in recent years. But the country has a long history of prosecuting alleged hit-men and failing to follow the chain of command to discover who ordered the murder, correspondents say. It took the 12 jury members more than 12 hours to reach their verdict. They spent it in a closed room in one corner of the military courthouse with a guard posted outside the window. But when they finally filed back into court, it was to pronounce every one of the accused guilty. In each case they ruled by a clear majority. Standing opposite them inside a glass cage, surrounded by armed police and a Rottweiler, the men from Chechnya listened in silence, looking relaxed and even smiling as they had for much of this
Deborah Leonard did not feel she could stand up to other members of the Word of Life church in New York state, said her lawyer, Devin Garramone. Her son Lucas, 19, died from the attack and his brother is in hospital. Police say they were beaten by Mrs Leonard, her husband and five others in order for them to confess their sins. All six people arrested, including the boy's father and sister, have denied the charges. "It looks like she went along with it, and it spun out of control," said Mr Garramone, who described the incident as an "intervention". "This woman is so meek and timid, she didn't have the temerity to stand up to them and say, 'You're not punishing my kid. You're not doing this.'" Some of the others arrested may have caused the fatal injuries, he said. The boys were repeatedly kicked and punched on Sunday but it's not clear why. Police have described the beating as a "spiritual counselling session to urge [the boys] to confess sins and seek forgiveness". Ms Leonard's husband Bruce, who founded the secretive church in New Hartford, New York, said it was a family meeting that had nothing to do with the church. Lucas died on Monday morning in hospital, where his parents took him the morning after the attack. His 17-year-old brother Christopher remains there in a serious condition. The parents have pleaded not guilty to manslaughter and the other four have pleaded not guilty to assault. The Word of Life church is nearly 30 years old and its membership has fallen in recent years from about 40 to 20, said a local police chief. Some live at the church. The church refused help from firefighters when the building caught fire a few years ago, he said.
Residents living near Queens Park in Bolton reported hearing a repetitive "loud tapping" in the early hours this week leaving council officials baffled. One resident even recorded the sound, the Bolton News reported. Police officers called to investigate "suspicious banging" eventually traced the noise to construction work on a nearby railway line. Complaints began on Monday 28 November with the sound being heard for up to four hours a night. Bolton Council, which runs the park, said it had "no idea" where the noise was coming from. "We don't do anything in the park at night," said a spokesman. Greater Manchester Police said they were called at 04:08 BST on Tuesday by a resident on Mayor Street who reported "suspicious banging" in the park. "The noise was traced to industrial work being carried out on the railway tracks. "The incident has now been closed." The Bolton to Lostock railway line runs just south of Queens Park.
Macedonian police are detaining them, saying they will be returned to Greece. Earlier, some 1,000 migrants, including children, left their sprawling camp in the Greek village of Idomeni and crossed a river near the border. About 14,000 people, many from Syria or Iraq, have been stranded at the camp, where conditions have deteriorated following days of rain. Macedonia last week said it would no longer let any migrants in, blocking the so-called Balkan route north. In other developments on Monday: The migrants - many carrying all their belongings - were seen walking in a long snaking line along a hilly road on Monday. The group included a number of children. When they reached the river, they passed a rope across it and formed a "human chain" to help each other to get to the other side. The migrants said they were trying to find a gap in the barbed-wire fence on the border. "We hope we can cross because we are a lot of people. Our number is big now," 24-year-old Syrian migrant Aziz told AP. "We don't want to stay here [Idomeni] in that camp, because we are tired of being there," he added. Hundreds of migrants later found a gap near the Greek village of Hamilo and crossed into Macedonia. Macedonian police and soldiers then detained the migrants, putting them in army trucks. "We are taking measures to return the group to Greece," a Macedonian police spokeswoman was quoted as saying by Reuters. At least 20 journalists who followed the migrants were also detained, reports say. Meanwhile, Greek police officer Panos Tenos told the BBC the migrants had been informed during their march that "crossing illegally is a dead end since the borders to reach Central Europe are closed". "Police forces followed the refugees from Idomeni to Hamilo, and when they tried to block them peacefully the crowd dispersed and it was impossible to stop them," he added. Local UNHCR representative Babur Baloch told the BBC: "What we are seeing is a return of chaos whenever there's a unilateral decision to close the borders, when there's no co-ordination, when countries in Europe don't coordinate and don't share responsibility, then we see more misery for refugees." "And that's exactly what we're going through in Greece today. We see more and more people arriving here. There's no way out, Greece is struggling, it needs support from the EU," he added.
The German and Italian tourists and 16 members of a fishing boat's crew were intercepted after leaving the Maldives. One minister said they were sailing to Diego Garcia, a British-controlled atoll that hosts a US military base. One of the tourists said the claims they were going to Diego Garcia were "absolutely ridiculous". Giorgio Rosi Belliere, an Italian businessman on board the boat, said they were on a whale watching tour and were not travelling to the atoll, some 750km (470 miles) away. "We have done nothing wrong," he told the Maldives' Minivan News. The Maldives Minister for Defence, Mohammed Zuhair, said the crew had failed to comply with international and local law on leaving the Maldives. The Haveeru Online news site said the crew had not brought their passports, even though they were in international waters. There are conflicting reports as to whether those on board were arrested. Minivan News said they had all now been barred from leaving the Maldives. Diego Garcia is a highly-guarded military base once used for bombing raids on Iraq and Afghanistan. In January, a former senior official in the George W Bush administration said the US government carried out interrogations of terror suspects at the base.
The competition will be extended to 64 teams, with sides from 16 of the 21 category one academies invited to join League One and League Two clubs. In a change from the current knock-out format, there will be 16 regional groups of four for the opening round. The proposals were approved at the English Football League's annual general meeting in Portugal this week. Since the decision was announced Portsmouth, Accrington Stanley, AFC Wimbledon, Hartlepool United and Luton Town have released statements to confirm they voted against the trial. EFL clubs approve academy 'Rooney Rule' In a statement, the EFL said it was piloting the changes as part of their "ongoing commitment to creating more and better home grown players". The changes will see the 16 academy sides evenly distributed throughout the groups alongside the League One and League Two clubs, with the competition continuing to run on a north/south basis until the final. Each team will play each other once in the group stage, with the academy team getting just one home game. The knockout stages will be single ties apart from the semi-finals, where there will be two legs. At the AGM, clubs approved a 'Rooney Rule'-style application process to try to improve the number of black and ethnic minority coaches in the game. They also discussed the EFL's proposals to add a new division of 20 teams to the English pyramid - meaning that there would be 100 teams in a five-division structure, rather than the current set-up of 92 clubs across four tiers. There are currently 24 teams in the Championship, League One and League Two, below the 20-club Premier League. The final decision on those proposals will be taken in June 2017.
British Transport Police (BTP) said there were 150 fewer incidents recorded in 2014/15, but sex attacks rose by 16% from 19 to 22. Overall, 1,172 crimes were reported - down on 1,322 the previous year. BTP said crime in Wales remained low, but there was still much for the force to do. Supt Andy Morgan, sub divisional commander for Wales, said sex crime figures in the region were the lowest of any of BTP's eight areas. He said although it was concerning so many people were affected by this type of crime, the force had expected to see a rise after launching its Report It To Stop It campaign, which encourages victims to come forward. The force said there were 42 fewer theft offences last year and instances where cables were stolen were down from 102 last year to 53 this year. As a result, the number of travel minutes lost to the offence is down by 87% nationally since 2008/09. Violent offences also decreased in Wales, at a time when there was an 8% rise across Britain. The force said it had put more officers on night trains to deter problem behaviour and it was enhancing its CCTV coverage by trialling the use of body-worn cameras. The report said there were 16 deaths on the tracks in Wales last year and BTP had introduced a hotline for staff to alert emergency services when staff are concerned about a person planning to harm themselves.
The podium in Melbourne had a very familiar feel - a Mercedes one-two, with Nico Rosberg leading Lewis Hamilton home after the world champion made a poor start, and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel third - but it was a race Ferrari let slip through their fingers. Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene was asked directly whether he viewed it as a race the team had lost through their own decisions, and he said: "No." Others were less charitable. "They messed it up," said a senior figure from a rival team. After a flying start, Vettel was leading the race until it was stopped after 18 laps following a terrifying accident from which McLaren's Fernando Alonso mercifully emerged unhurt despite barrel-rolling following a 180mph impact with Esteban Gutierrez's Haas. Vettel had only recently stopped to fit a fresh set of super-soft tyres and Ferrari chose to remain on them, knowing there was no hope of making it to the end of the race and that the German would have to make an extra stop. Mercedes took a different route, one that one engineer said was "a no-brainer". Hamilton, stuck in traffic after a bad start, had already been put on mediums at his stop with the aim of going to the end of the race on them. The red flag gave Mercedes strategists, led by James Vowles, the chance to put Rosberg on the same strategy. It was borderline, but they were confident they could make it work. Sure enough, Rosberg lost almost no time in the 17 laps before Vettel's final pit stop and when the Ferrari peeled into the pits, the race was in the bag. In one decision, Ferrari had turned a victory into a third place. Vettel came back at Hamilton in the closing laps but passing was always going to be difficult on this track and it became impossible when he spun with two laps to go. The Ferrari party line was clear after the race. "If you want to look at the glass not half-empty," Arrivabene said. "We were there [with Mercedes]. This is the news." Arrivabene did have a point, though. "The pace in the race was very good," he said. "We need to continue to push because every race has its own story." After qualifying, it would have been easy to jump to the conclusion that the pre-season indications that Ferrari had reduced their deficit
At a ceremony held at Stirling Castle - where the museum is located, Prince William officially launched the Thin Red Line Appeal. The fund-raising campaign hopes to secure backing of £4m by 2019 to redevelop the museum. The Prince said that he was "honoured" to be the patron of the appeal. On arrival at the ceremony, the prince was met by the Earl of Mar and Kellie, hereditary keeper of Stirling Castle, who presented him with the key to the castle. William was then escorted around the current museum by Col AK Miller, viewing key exhibits including The Thin Red Line painting which depicts the Battle of Balaclava during the Crimean War in 1854. He spoke with pupils from the Queen Victoria School, whose parents serve in the Armed Forces - asking them about school life, their future ambitions - and also which football team they support. During the visit, William also met Lt Col Alexander Grant, 70, who is in a painting depicting fighting in Aden, now part of Yemen, in 1967. Mr Grant said: "He seemed to be an extremely interested individual and easy to talk to and quite pleasant to chat with." In a speech at the ceremony, Prince William said: "I am honoured to be patron of the Thin Red Line Appeal, to ensure that the history of one of Scotland's most iconic regiments can be preserved as part of the nation's story here in Stirling." Col Miller said: "We were very fortunate to get Prince William as patron for the Thin Red Line Appeal." He added that since the museum lost its Ministry of Defence funding in 2012, it has been entirely self-supporting. The museum recently received news that it is to be supported by the Heritage Lottery Fund. The prince said he is "confident" the £4m target is achievable.
The BBC's Tom Espiner looks at seven unusual ways of getting at least some of the 20 minutes of brisk activity a day being recommended. Sir Stanley Matthews was still playing professional football at 50, but for people of a similar age who might like to ease back into the game, walking football could be just the ticket, according to Surrey Football Association. Walking Football has helped players start kicking a ball again and getting active who have suffered from hip replacements, chronic arthritis - and even heart bypass surgery, says Surrey FA Football Development Officer Chris Cole. Andy Cox plays Walking Football every week in Croydon. "I never envisaged at the age of 65 I'd start playing football again. I'm fitter now than I was 30 years ago," he says. Luton Council and leisure trust Active Luton are two organisations keen to promote the beautiful game at a sedate pace - Active Luton has recently been given Â£40,000 from Sport England for walking football. Active Luton chief executive Helen Barnet says: "The skills and enthusiasm on show compares to anything you would see on Match of the Day. It is simple to do and play and above all everyone that takes part is always smiling." The Walking Football United website's interactive map shows where you can go to find out more. People may think of hula-hooping as primarily being a US 1950s craze, but, hula-hoop based classes are available around the country, with some groups offering circus skills as well. Ellouise Hempstead, of Etrois Dance and Fitness in Newcastle, says: "Hooping can be a solo activity in your living room, or a social one if you join a hoop class. Either way, it's great to lose body fat, gain muscle tone, boost your energy, improve balance and co-ordination, reduce stress and most importantly have fun." Kurling is inspired by the original game of curling, and involves pushing a kurling stone on casters (called "bearings") towards a target. The beauty of new age kurling is that you don't need an ice rink to do it, according to Ann McCallum, secretary for the Dover club which practises the sport. "All you need is just a target, some chairs to sit on, some sticks, and then you're away," she says. The Great Britain Kurling Association has more information. "Double Dutch" is the name given to jumping two ropes swung by two people,
The reality of the Dark Hedges did not live up to the fantasy for those visiting the tunnel of trees, made famous by Game of Thrones. There was no chance of an unspoilt picture with cars and coaches blocking the road and honking their horns. There are plans to close the road to traffic permanently. Four objections have been raised to the plans and they are currently being considered, the Department of Infrastructure said. Jonathan Hobbs, who works for voluntary campaign group NI Greenways, caught the chaos on camera when visiting the County Antrim attraction with his family on Easter Monday. "You were jostling for space with cars and coaches and I could not let the kids out of my sight," he said. "Tourists travel thousands of miles to come to see this great Game of Thrones location. "It was a horrible environment and not selling the right image of Northern Ireland." He also expressed concern about the damage being caused to the trees' roots by the volume of traffic. A hotel on the Dark Hedges estate, which is just a few minutes' walk from the tourist site, posted on its Facebook page that it has plenty of free car parking. McComb's Coaches said it had discussed using the car park at a nearby golf club but access to the Dark Hedges would involve crossing a road "where cars go at such terrific speed, it would be an accident waiting to happen". Caroline McComb, one of the company's directors, said unlike most other coach firms, hers would be in favour of closing the road as long as the infrastructure was put in place and the Dark Hedges remained free of charge. "People absolutely love the Dark Hedges," she told BBC news NI. "They just want a picture there and it is becoming more and more difficult to get one. "There's lots of blame being put on the buses and coaches with regards to damage, but it is just not being maintained. "Someone needs to take ownership or it will get more run down." Jamie Laverty, 27, who works near the Dark Hedges and is originally from the nearby village of Stranocum, believes the majority of locals would be in favour of closing the road as the tourist attraction brings in revenue, but there would be some local landowners who would have objections. "I pass the Dark Hedges on my way
He owns a private zoo stocked with zebras and flamingoes and has one of the world's most valuable art collections. He lives in a futuristic steel mansion, with a helipad and fake waterfall, that looks like a James Bond film-set. But in the action-packed movie of Georgian politics, it is not yet quite clear whether Mr Ivanishvili is the hero or the baddy. "I have come into politics to save my country," he told the BBC during an interview in his palatial Tbilisi headquarters, as he gave an impromptu tour of his $1.3bn (Â£800m) art collection. He owns works by Roy Lichtenstein, Jeff Koons and Damien Hirst - one of whose pieces he commissioned specially for a particular wall. In 2006 he bought Picasso's Dora Maar with Cat for almost $100m - at the time the highest amount paid by anyone at auction. For the 153rd richest person on the planet, it was a bargain. But in person he is not quite as flamboyant as all this suggests. Softly spoken and polite, he is not what you would expect from a person who has ousted Georgia's powerful ruling party and inspired feelings of fanatical devotion and distrust in equal measure. Before the first interview he gave the BBC in 2011, just after he had announced his political ambitions in October, he seemed nervous. And he confessed he did not know how to stand in front of the camera. Since then, he has repeatedly said he is not interested in, nor does he fully understand, politics. And he has said on several occasions he wants to only serve as prime minister for two years before leaving politics for good. This apparent honesty has charmed many Georgian voters who often distrust politicians. They see him as one of them. He may be much richer but he started off dirt-poor, running round without shoes in a village in rural Western Georgia. Very different, some voters feel, to President Saakashvili's all-powerful political elite, which is a close team of pro-Western and culturally liberal urbanites in their thirties or forties. They go down well in Washington and Brussels but they think very differently to many ordinary Georgians, who have strong traditional family values and a high regard for the culturally conservative Orthodox Church. And after almost a decade of unopposed power, President Saakashvili's party is often seen as arrogant and out of touch. But while
Almost a third of Susan Harmer's prize-winning flock were left dead or injured at her farm in Offham, near Lewes. Twenty-five were mauled, including a ram and pregnant ewes, in the overnight attack earlier this month. "Sheep were strewn everywhere, with a pile of them in one corner where the dogs had trapped them and attacked them," Ms Harmer said. "These are sheep which we have for their whole breeding lives - about 10 years - and we get very fond of them. "They're not just a commodity, they're our livelihood. This is a huge emotional loss." Ms Harmer said the attack was the worst her farm had faced this year. She appealed to dog owners to put their animals on a lead before entering a field and to not put them out at night. Sussex Police are investigating the attack, which happened overnight on 4 December, and have urged anyone with information to contact them.
NSPCC Cymru said just two children were reported to North Wales Police in 2013, rising to four in 2014 then 28 in 2015. Most of those reported - 24 - were aged 15 or under while 10 were 16 or 17. Des Mannion, head of service at NSPCC Cymru said: "It is very worrying that more children are sharing explicit images of themselves." He added: "Although the figures in north Wales are relatively small, the fact that there has been a sharp increase in the number of cases reported to police is a concern." The NSPCC wants children to be warned about the dangers of sexting through compulsory online safety lessons and wants to see the next Welsh Government implement a plan for this. While the majority of these types of images were shared via mobile phones, they were also sent using apps such as Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook. Mr Mannion added: "We are very concerned that children are putting themselves at risk of exploitation or bullying in this way. "Children need to be taught about the dangers of sexting and how the consequences can be devastating if they lose control of an image." In February, police in England and Wales began producing new guidelines designed to avoid "criminalising" children caught sending indecent images to each other.
Turkey accuses the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, of orchestrating last July's failed coup. In a video interview, Mr Woolsey told the Wall Street Journal he was present at a discussion about removal methods beyond the legal extradition process. Mr Flynn disputes Mr Woolsey's account. The meeting took place last September at a New York Hotel. Those present included Mr Flynn, then an adviser on national security to the Trump election campaign, the son-in-law of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, and Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, according to the WSJ (paywall). Mr Woolsey, then also advising the Trump campaign, admitted he might not have heard "some kind of caveat" because he arrived late for the meeting. But he told the WSJ: "There was serious discussion of finding some way to move Mr Gulen out of the US to Turkey. "You might call it brainstorming. But it was brainstorming about a very serious matter that would pretty clearly be a violation of law." He went on: "It was a serious and troubling discussion but it did not, repeat not, in my portion of being in the room, rise to a level of being a specific plan to undertake a felonious act." In a later interview with CNN, Mr Woolsey called the meeting "suspicious" and "concerning", saying: "I felt I needed to say something to somebody, but was it a clear plot that they were going to seize him? No." A spokesman for Mr Flynn, whose consulting company Flynn Intel Group carried out work for the Turkish government, disputed Mr Woolsey's version of events. "At no time did Gen Flynn discuss any illegal actions, non-judicial physical removal or any other such activities," he said. The presence of Mr Gulen in the US has become a major irritant in relations between Washington and Ankara. Turkey has repeatedly called for him to be handed over. Mr Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999, denies involvement in the failed coup. Fethullah Gulen: Powerful but reclusive Turkish cleric Michael Flynn: Former US national security adviser Mr Flynn was forced to step down as national security adviser in mid-February after just a few weeks in post over allegations he discussed sanctions with Russia before Mr Trump took office. Private US citizens are barred from conducting diplomacy. Mr Flynn admitted providing the vice-president with an incomplete account of his conversation with the Russian ambassador.
Jones, 39, and Cardiff Blues pair Danny Wilson and Matt Sheratt have been added to Wales' staff for the Pacific Islands tour in June 2017. Wales head coach and assistant Rob Howley are away with the British and Irish Lions next summer. "Stephen will obviously get a lot out of it but I think there'll be more going the other way," said Pivac. Jones played well over 200 matches for Llanelli and Scarlets and returned to west Wales as a backs coach in 2015 after a spell as part of Dai Young's coaching team at Wasps. Pivac believes he has a future at international level. "He's been identified as a coach with a lot of potential and someone I believe will be a fine international coach going forward. He's going to be world class," said the New Zealander. "Wales are talking about playing an attacking game so I think Stephen will be able to add something there. He's taken a lot of his qualities he showed as a player into his coaching." Jones scored 917 points in 104 appearances for Wales and played fly-half in six Test matches for the British and Irish Lions. He is now sharing his expertise with Scarlets stand-off Rhys Patchell, a combination Pivac says is key to the team's success. "The relationship between the two is blossoming and that's great for Welsh rugby going forward," he added. "Technically Stephen is very very sound, tactically very switched on. We're in a pretty good place as a result of the hard work he's been doing."
The Guardian alleges a payment of about £1m was paid into the account during the race to host the 2020 Games. In March, French prosecutors investigating corruption in athletics widened their scope to include the bidding and voting processes for the hosting of the 2016 and 2020 Olympics. The British newspaper says French police are believed to be studying the allegation. In a statement, the IOC said it had been "in contact with the French magistrates in charge of the investigation on the IAAF [athletics' world governing body] case, and with Wada [World Anti-Doping Agency], since its start". It added: "The IOC's chief ethics and compliance officer will continue to be in contact with all interested parties to clarify any alleged improper conduct. The IOC will not comment any further on the elements of the investigations at this stage." The Tokyo bid first came under scrutiny in January when the second part of a Wada commission report into corruption included a footnote detailing a conversation between another of Lamine Diack's sons, Khalil, and Turkish officials heading up the Istanbul bid team. A transcript of the conversation cited in the report suggested a "sponsorship" payment of between $4m and $5m (£2.8m and £3.4m) had been made by the Japanese bid team "either to the Diamond League or IAAF". The footnote claims the Istanbul bid "lost Lamine Diack's support because they did not pay". Wada's independent commission said it did not investigate the claims "for it was not within our remit". A Tokyo 2020 spokeswoman described the note in Wada's report as "beyond our understanding", adding that "Tokyo's bid was about Japan's commitment to address issues around the integrity of sport". Lamine Diack, the former president of the IAAF, is already being investigated by French authorities. He was arrested last year on corruption and money laundering charges, over allegations he took payments for deferring sanctions against Russian drugs cheats. His son Papa Massata, who was employed by his father as a marketing consultant for the IAAF, is also under investigation, and a warrant for his arrest has been issued by Interpol. Diack Jr has been banned for life by the IAAF but told the BBC in December he and his father were innocent of the claims against them. The IOC overhauled its rules - and regained trust in the integrity of its bidding process - since the 1999 Salt Lake City bribery
The talks will focus on the practical measures needed to reopen embassies in Havana and Washington. Although relations have improved in recent months a US trade embargo remains in place. Last month President Barack Obama said Cuba would be removed from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism. Havana had said it needed to be taken off the list before talks to reopen embassies could begin. In a statement the State Department said it will host a Cuban delegation on 21 May. "A US Embassy in Havana will allow the United States to more effectively promote our interests and values, and increase engagement with the Cuban people." In April, President Barack Obama met Cuban President Raul Castro, the first sit-down talks between the nations' leaders since 1956.
The woman, known as the Lady of Cao, belonged to the Moche culture in northern Peru and died 1,700 years ago. Her preserved remains were found in 2006 at a mud-brick ruined pyramid known Huaca Cao Viejo, near Trujillo. Scientists were able to replicate her face after analysing her skull structure and remains. The Lady of Cao was buried with a crown, and gold and copper items. The grave also contained a number of weapons, including two massive war clubs and 23 spear throwers. A modern autopsy revealed she had been in her 20s when she died, probably of childbirth or pregnancy complications. Her feet, legs and face were tattooed with magic symbols of serpents and spiders. The richness of her burial site suggests she might have been a priestess or even a political ruler. The discovery challenged the belief that only men held high positions in ancient Moche society. Peru's minister of Culture, Salvador del Solar, said the reconstruction had revealed an oval face with high cheekbones, which many Peruvians shared and would recognise. "We are privileged to announce this strange combination of the future and the past: technology has allowed us to see the face of a political and religious leader from a culture from the past." Oval face and high cheekbones - a close-up of the replicated face
Seven people died and more than 50 were injured in the incident in south London, but experts say tram accidents are incredibly rare. Andrew Braddock, from trade body UK Tram, said the accident should be "set in the context of an extremely safe mode of transport". "You are 15 times safer travelling on a tram than you would be in a bus, 24 times safer than you would be in a car," he said. "We had a dreadful incident in Croydon yesterday, there's absolutely no getting away from that, but it's extremely rare." British Transport Police are investigating whether the Croydon tram was exceeding speed limits and the possibility the driver may have fallen asleep or blacked out. The crash is believed to be the first involving fatalities on board a tram in the UK since 1959, when two women passengers and the driver died when a tram caught fire in Glasgow after a collision with a lorry. Deaths from tram derailments are rare around the world. Several people died and around 50 were injured when a tram overturned in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil in August 2011, while around 30 were killed and 50 injured when a tram derailed in eastern Ukraine in July 1996. Trams were phased out in the UK at the end of 1962 with the closure of the Glasgow network, leaving Blackpool's as the only one running. A new generation of tramways began with the opening of the Manchester Metrolink in 1992, and there are now also networks in Sheffield, Birmingham, London, Nottingham and Edinburgh, and about 300 worldwide. There were no trams in London between 1952 and 2000, when the London Tramlink opened. Mr Braddock described trams as being like a "bus on rails", travelling at similar speeds and peaking in cities at about 50mph. Powered by electricity through overhead wires, drivers control the vehicle using a lever - usually with their left hand - pushing forward to accelerate, backwards to brake and with a neutral stopping point in the middle. But unlike trains, trams are not fitted with systems that apply brakes automatically if they are going too fast or jump a light. The key safety feature is a vigilance device, known in the railway industry as the "dead man's lever" - a device that brakes automatically if the driver is incapacitated. Mr Braddock said: "On the tram control lever there is a
Lukasz Robert Pawlowski of Pembroke Dock, appeared for sentence at the Pembrokeshire court on Wednesday after pleading guilty to sexual assault. He was airlifted to Swansea's Morriston Hospital and is said to be recovering. Dyfed-Powys Police confirmed they have arrested a 33-year-old man on suspicion of possession of an article with a blade or point. It is understood he lost consciousness and bled heavily after cutting himself. The court was closed after the incident but reopened on Thursday.
Clare Mackintosh said it was "a dream come true" to see I Let You Go named best crime novel at the Theakston Old Peculier Crime Writing Festival. She beat five authors, including Robert Galbraith - the crime-writing pseudonym of Harry Potter author JK Rowling. Author Val McDermid was also honoured with an outstanding contribution award at the festival she helped to set up. Oxfordshire-based Mackintosh, who spent 12 years in the police force before leaving in 2011 to become a full-time writer, said she had been an unpublished author when she first came to the festival in Harrogate, North Yorkshire. "I would like to thank my publishers and agent for supporting me, everybody who has read and recommended I Let You Go, and the crime writing community for their endless encouragement," she said on Thursday. McDermid, a co-founder of the festival who won its best novel award in 2006, said it was "unlike any other in its warmth and generosity". The 61-year-old Scot said the outstanding contribution award meant "a huge amount". "This year sees the publication of my 30th novel and I can't think of a better way to celebrate that," she went on. Rowling congratulated her "friend and colleague" McDermid on her "justly deserved" award and said she had "been showing us all the way for a long time now". She added that the author's "favourable review" of her work as Galbraith had provided "one of Robert's proudest moments". "She received a thank you note in fake handwriting, only to receive one two weeks later in my real handwriting when I was unwillingly unmasked." Mark Billingham, another crime novel of the year nominee, called McDermid "the Queen of Crime", adding: "Long may she reign over us". McDermid, he went on, had "represented this genre quite brilliantly all over the world, both in person and through her novels, which have earned her legions of fans and a place among the very greatest crime writers of all time." Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Ferguson retired in 2013 as the club's most successful manager. The 74-year-old Scot had stayed away from Carrington since then. "He had not been back since he left, but I brought him back to be with his people," Mourinho told the United We Stand fanzine (subscription required). "I wanted the players to see the big man and for me and him to share some minutes and have lunch together. I enjoyed it, he enjoyed it." In his 26 years at Old Trafford, Ferguson led United to 13 league titles, two Champions League crowns, five FA Cups and four League Cups. "I'm the type of person who does not see ghosts. I respect the past and I know he loves the club," said Mourinho, who was appointed in May as the third manager to succeed Ferguson after David Moyes and Louis van Gaal. "We have good relations and I know this is his house. "When he wants to come here, to the dressing room, to see the players train, he knows he is more than welcome." Mourinho also said there was more expected of teenage forward Marcus Rashford in the current campaign after the 19-year-old's successful breakthrough last season. "Last season there were no senior players on the bench waiting for him to make a mistake. The choice was Rashford or Rashford," he added. "The situation is different this season. The number of injuries is smaller. The expectations about the players is higher. "[Former United winger] Ryan Giggs' second season [1991-92] was not comparable to the season when he started. Then, in the third season, he reached the level of Giggs. It was the final explosion of Giggs. We want to play young players but sometimes in football, it is about the moment."
Australian radio presenter Kyle Sandilands said to the actress: "I told everyone you were clapping like that because you had the rings on and you didn't want to damage the rings." "You are so right Kyle," she replied. "It was really difficult because I had a huge ring on which was not my own, but was absolutely gorgeous and I was terrified of damaging it." Oscars 2017: Full coverage Speaking on the KIIS1065 radio station, Kidman sounded relieved the truth was finally out, after much social media speculation about her apparent inability to applaud properly. "It's so true, I'm so glad you clarified that," said Kidman. "It was really awkward and I was like gosh, I want to clap. I don't want to not be clapping, which is worse, right - 'why isn't Nicole clapping?'" She laughed when Sandilands joked: "They're putting it on the big screen at Sea World with an [sea lion sound] 'urgh, urgh, urgh' thing - it's just not fair!" Kidman was nominated for best supporting actress for her role in Lion, but lost out to Viola Davis. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Llanelli MP Nia Griffith said "everything" will be discussed in the wake of the loss of the English safe seat. She failed to give Mr Corbyn her full support in a BBC Radio Cymru interview. Mr Corbyn has said he will not step down in the wake of the loss to the Conservatives. Copeland had been held by Labour for more than 80 years - the Tories' Trudy Harrison won with 13,748 votes to Labour's Gillian Throughton's 11,601. Speaking on Post Cyntaf, Ms Griffith said: "The Conservatives are very strong at the moment so there'll be a lot of questions raised now within the party. "What's important now is discussing the whole thing and what happened in Copeland. Why has it happened and what is the best way forward?" Asked if the loss raised questions about Jeremy Corbyn's leadership, she said: "There will be a lot of discussion about every aspect of our party now and that will probably form a part of it". When asked if she would resign to trigger another leadership ballot, she added it was important the party rebuilds and needs to be better prepared for future elections. Meanwhile Gerald Jones, a Labour shadow Welsh minister, told BBC Radio Wales the result was "a significant set back for us as a party and one that we have to now rebuild from". The Merthyr Tydfil MP said the Labour party has to "take stock" with a "lot of work to do". Mr Corbyn said while it was "a day of disappointment in Copeland" he would not be quitting as Labour leader. Asked if he would fall on his sword following the defeat, he said: "No. I was elected leader of this party - I'm proud to lead this party."
Lord Krebs sits on an independent panel which advises central government and the devolved administrations on greenhouse gas emissions. Agriculture is the biggest emitter of greenhouse gases in Northern Ireland, accounting for 29%. He said flooding was the biggest risk, with about 60,000 homes vulnerable. Lord Krebs, who was in Belfast to present a report on the specific challenges for Northern Ireland, said increased rainfall could also pose a risk to agriculture from soil erosion. If properly managed, however, climate change could present opportunities, with warmer summers and longer growing seasons, he added. Agriculture, power generation and transport are the biggest emitters here. There have been calls for local climate change legislation; Northern Ireland is the only devolved administration not to have it. It would mean targets for cuts to greenhouse gas emissions. But there has been opposition to that, with claims it could make industry and farming here less competitive. Lord Krebs said climate change could no longer be denied and there was now "absolutely overwhelming scientific consensus" about it. DUP MP Sammy Wilson said the assembly should not pander "to mostly well off green zealots" by introducing a "disastrous" policy. Agriculture and Environment Minister Michelle McIlveen has said she would keep the issue of local legislation "under review".
The Republic of Ireland striker, frozen out by Ronny Deila in Glasgow following off-field misdemeanors, has scored two goals in two appearances already for the side chasing Rangers for the one automatic promotion place from the Scottish Championship. Michael O'Halloran, Rangers' deadline-day acquisition from St Johnstone, will have to go some to match the influence Stokes can have on the Edinburgh side. However, Billy King, the winger on loan from Hearts, made his mark with a debut goal for the Ibrox side. Third-top Falkirk opened their cheque book to emphasise their desire to clinch a play-off place at the very least. They took skilful forward Myles Hippolyte from Championship rivals Livingston and Nathan Austin from East Fife, although the latter is one for future campaigns after being immediately loaned back to the League Two club. Livingston themselves used some of the money from the Hippolyte deal to buy midfielder Josh Mullin from Albion Rovers, manager David Hopkin having already added some notable names with top-flight experience - including Mark Fotheringham, Charlie Telfer and Sam Stanton - in their bid to avoid the drop. New St Mirren manager Alex Rae is also banking on experience as the Paisley side look to move away from the bottom and has recruited four players who have played in the top flight. One-time Aberdeen striker Declan McManus looks like he will be a quality addition on his return to Greenock Morton on loan from Fleetwood Town. Meanwhile, Raith Rovers are looking to harness the youthful talents of Aidan Connolly, the midfielder released by Dundee United, and forward Harry Panayiotou on loan from Leicester City. Dumbarton will provide a platform for intriguing winger Kler Heh, a 19-year-old who was brought up in a refugee camp in Thailand. In: Liam Caddis, midfielder (St Johnstone); Scott Gallagher, goalkeeper (Hearts); Mitch Megginson, forward (Raith Rovers); Ryan Finnie, defender (Annan Athletic). Loan: Scott McKenna, defender (Aberdeen). Out: Michael Doyle, defender (St Johnstone); Andy McNeil, goalkeeper (Greenock Morton). Loan: Mark Williams, defender (Arbroath). In: Christian Nade, forward (Hamilton Academical). Loan: Tom Walsh, midfielder (Rangers); Kler Heh, midfielder (Sheffield United). Out: Willie Gibson, midfielder (Stranraer); Steven Craig, forward (Forfar Athletic); Gordon Smith, forward. Loan ended: Scott Brown, midfielder (St Johnstone). Loan: Ryan Clark, midfielder (Arthurlie). In: Myles Hippolyte, forward (Livingston, undisclosed); Nathan Austin, forward (East Fife, undisclosed); Deniz Dogan Mehmet, goalkeeper (Kayserispor); Kevin McCann, defender (Warriors). Loan: Conor McGrandles, midfielder (Norwich City).
The cards, for the Scottish parliamentary election on 5 May, spell Scotland as "Scotalnd". The error was not spotted until the official notification started to be delivered to voters in the city. The authority said it accepted the mistake was "disappointing and embarrassing". A spokeswoman for the Returning officer said: "This is a very disappointing, and of course, a very embarrassing proofing error. "The 175,000 poll cards distributed will not be replaced as this unfortunate spelling mistake in no way invalidates the poll cards."
Winds reached 36mph and blew trees over at Emirates Golf Club, where play has stopped until Saturday, angering some of the 64 players to finish round two. Former Masters champion Trevor Immelman called the halt "ridiculous", while Ryder Cup player Chris Wood said the decision made the event "one sided". Tournament director Mike Stewart said the course was "unsafe and unplayable". Stewart added: "We had TV towers that the roofs were blown off. We had balls moving on the greens - blew into a bunker at one stage. Five trees came down." There are 65 players, including George Coetzee of South Africa, who leads on nine under, and Spaniard Sergio Garcia, a shot behind, who have nine holes or more left to play of round two. England's Matthew Fitzpatrick (three under par), Danny Willett (one over), Ian Poulter (three under) and Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell (four under), are all yet to reach halfway in the second round. Stewart still thinks the tournament will conclude on Sunday as round two will be completed on Saturday with the third round commencing later in the day from a two-tee start. However, a host of early starters on Friday stressed their frustrations as those set to face the gusts later in the afternoon were spared. Spain's Pablo Larrazabal - who ended five over after two rounds - said he was "very angry". South African Immelman, who is set to miss the cut at four over par, wrote on social media: "Suspending play now is ridiculous, half the field played 36 holes in these conditions." Martin Kaymer of Germany, who is tied for fifth on four under, said: "Hard to understand the difference between the morning play and now, therefore even more surprised about the decision." Earlier on Friday, 14-time major winner Tiger Woods withdrew from the tournament before the start of round two citing a back spasm. The 41-year-old American, who only returned to action in December after 15 months out following two back operations, was five over after 18 holes.
Keepers at Drusillas Park in Alfriston could not work out why Sofia and male Tupee had failed to bond since being introduced to each other in 2011. Head keeper Mark Kenward said it was not easy to establish the sex of a sloth and medical records had shown Sofia was female when she arrived. "We are going to have to find a more suitable name for Sofia," he said. It is likely that either Tupee or Sofia will now be re-homed to another zoo, and another female introduced. Mr Kenward said: "We had never looked after sloths before and were relying on the information provided. "Unfortunately we cannot keep our two boys together and it would also be a waste of their breeding potential." After enlisting the help of Bristol Zoo, Mr Kenward said it all made "perfect sense" given the problems they had been experiencing with the animals.
Some see in this the potential for a new era in Russian-French relations. Maybe not the strategic alliance of old, but certainly an end to the modern-day chill. Events have certainly moved quickly. A year ago France was in the middle of a nasty spat over warships which it was refusing to sell to Vladimir Putin. For France, the Russian leader was a destabilising presence on Europe's eastern borders. EU sanctions - intended to contain Russian ambitions in Crimea and Ukraine - had full French backing. Today there are more pressing concerns. In the wake of the Paris attacks, President Hollande had a vision of a single, united international coalition - the nations of the world working together to eradicate IS. Realities have since deflated that ambition. The Americans and the Russians are not going to work together any time soon. And the Turko-Russian crisis over the downed Sukhoi Russian warplane is a further complication. But still, the French want as many countries on side as possible. And the Russians - by dint of their military presence in Syria - are a major player. As one diplomatic official told Le Monde: "Right now we are probably more prepared to work with the Russians than Barack Obama is." President Hollande has two goals in his talks with Vladimir Putin. First he wants to persuade Russia to direct its airstrikes away from the "moderate" Syrian opposition and onto targets belonging to IS. Second, he wants a firmer understanding that Russia will not stick indefinitely behind Bashar al-Assad. The French feel they have made a significant change in policy by de-prioritising the removal of the Syrian leader. It took a good deal of pride-swallowing to make the concession, because until two weeks ago Paris was President Assad's greatest scourge. But there is only so far that the French will go down this line. And they feel Russia should also give some slack. There are a number of factors in favour of a rapprochement. First of all, Russia has itself now come face-to-face with IS terrorism - with the destruction of the tourist plane from Sharm el-Sheikh. This has jolted perceptions in Moscow, for which IS is now a designated enemy. Second, Russia has every interest in cultivating Paris as a new friend. Straight after the Paris attacks, Mr Putin ordered his military to co-ordinate with the French in the campaign against IS -
Tess Newall, who had worn her great-great grandmother's dress at her wedding in June, posted a plea on Facebook to help find it, which was shared more than 300,000 times. Luckily her dress was found but what is the appeal for brides of choosing a dress once worn by a relative? Three women explained why they had ditched trawling the bridal shops for the perfect dress in favour of a borrowed gown. Kate Ridgway, from Stockport, made the decision to wear her grandmother's wedding dress in 2014. "I remember it from when I was a child," said the 27-year-old. "I always knew nan had kept it and I tried it on for dressing up, but back then I thought it was a horrid lacy thing." However, when she got engaged to her now-husband Stu, Joan Chatfield, known as "Nanny Chat", asked if she would like to wear it on her big day. "I was heavily pregnant at the time, so I couldn't try it on," said Kate. "But she had always wanted me to wear it." Then, three days after Kate's eldest son was born, her nan passed away. When she travelled down to Sussex for the funeral, her mother handed her the box with the vintage wedding dress from 1951, and everything fell into place. "When I tried it on, it fitted perfectly," she said. "I had it cleaned but I didn't have to do anything else to it. "I had tried on brand new wedding dresses and I had fallen in love with one, but this felt different and so special. "It meant so much to us as a family for me to wear it and, as you can imagine, it made for a very emotional day." London-based digital designer Emily Clark also hopes to start a tradition of her own by using her mother's frock for her wedding this October. The 33-year-old said her mother's dress, which was first worn in 1980, had played a big part in her childhood. "I used to dress in my mum's wedding dress from the age of five or six to - if I'm truthful - until I was 15. "It's one of a kind, it's a dress you wouldn't be able to find now and you wouldn't be able to replicate." The dress was bought by her grandfather, who died last year. She said the dress would act as a
The average rent stands at Â£774 in England and Wales, according to data from Your Move and Reeds Rains. It said that rental costs had risen by 0.8% in April compared with March. Adrian Gill, LSL director, said: "Momentum is fuelled by a fundamental shortage of housing and given oxygen by renewed wage growth." The latest official figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) suggested that the cost of renting a home from a private landlord in Britain rose by 2.1% in the year to the end of March. Campbell Robb, chief executive of housing charity Shelter, said: "Our housing shortage has been decades in the making, and only bold and immediate action can fix it. "No matter how hard they work or save, an entire generation is being forced to watch their dreams of a stable future slip through their fingers, stuck in properties where rents eat up their salaries and short term contracts leave them with no stability at all."
Mark Jennens, 40, was accused of manslaughter when his mother died after a row at their West Midlands home over Christmas dinner in 2015. The prosecution argued he threw her to the floor causing a fractured hip. But after a jury cleared him, he said: "For the first time in 18 months I can look myself in the eye in the mirror." Mr Jennens, of Brierley Hill, was the carer for his 78-year-old mother, who suffered from lung cancer. He admitted the pair had a difficult relationship. "She was a Jekyll and Hyde. She could be lovely or she could be evil, you never quite knew what you were getting," he told the BBC. Describing what happened on Christmas Eve, he said she fell after he picked her up by her arms in a "tragic accident" following their dispute. "My mother has been a difficult character and I'd been her sole carer for 10 years," he said. "She was being aggressive as per usual. Thousands of times she has been aggressive before. "And this one time I wanted to cry to be quite honest. So I went to pick her up to put her outside the door for two minutes so I could sit there and have a sob. "Well she went [fell] over and I phoned the police and ambulance." His mother was taken to Russells Hall Hospital in Dudley, but later contracted pneumonia and died on 18 January 2016. Mr Jennens said he was "absolutely gobsmacked" after he was arrested shortly after. "Next thing you know I'm being done for manslaughter," he said. During his trial at Wolverhampton Crown Court, it was reported the prosecution described what happened as "a cascade of events all led from a fractured hip which she suffered at her son's hands." But Mr Jennens' defence barrister argued there had been a "break in the chain of causation" when Hazel was incorrectly administered Salbutamol in hospital two days before she died. The jury cleared Mr Jennens in less than 90 minutes. "It was never prison that bothered me," he said. "No matter how difficult a relationship you've got with your mum you are always going to love them. "My mum had terminal lung cancer," he said, adding the family didn't know that his mother had been told a year before she died she had six months to live. He believes the case should never
Rodman scored four goals in 25 matches for the Welsh side last term but rejected a new contract. The 29-year-old played under recently-appointed Notts boss John Sheridan at Newport during 2015-16 and told the club website: "I know how he works. "I know how he likes to play and what he wants from his players, and that was a big factor in me coming here." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Media playback is not supported on this device City are now 10 points behind leaders Chelsea after defeat on Merseyside - the heaviest league loss in Guardiola's managerial career. Asked if the gap was too great, he said: "Yes. Ten is a lot of points." Guardiola, 45, has told his players to unite "in the bad moments" and "forget the table" until the end of the season. He added: "At the end of the season, we are going to evaluate our level and how our performance was, how the coach was, how the players were. After that we are going to decide." The former Barcelona and Bayern Munich boss insisted he was "so happy in Manchester" despite his side sitting fifth, two points behind fourth-placed Arsenal. Guardiola watched City dominate possession on Merseyside but concede four from the six shots they faced. Only five teams have a lower haul than their four clean sheets in the league - BBC Radio 5 live pundit Robbie Savage said City "cannot defend" and questioned if Guardiola would now change his style. City are the only team in the Premier League to have over 50% of possession in every game this season but they have now conceded from the first shot they have faced in four of their last seven games. Guardiola added: "I said to the players be positive because you made some fantastic things during the season and for many reasons we didn't get what I think we deserved. "In the bad moments we have to be close. It's awful for my players. We created chances but don't score and when they have a chance, they punish us." Everton scored with their first two shots through Romelu Lukaku and Kevin Mirallas, with Tom Davies and Ademola Lookman completing the rout. Lookman's goal came after a John Stones clearance was charged down, throwing the young defender again under the spotlight. It was Stones' first visit to Goodison Park since leaving Everton for City in a £47.5m deal last summer. The 22-year-old has been criticised for making too many mistakes, and former Manchester United and Everton defender Phil Neville believes he is being unfairly singled out. However, fellow pundit Alan Shearer told Match of the Day 2: "John Stones did have a nightmare. He is 22 now, he has played nearly 100 Premier League games and everyone keeps saying to me and to the
The expedition to the north-eastern Antarctic peninsula will study how they reacted to previous climate changes. The polar experts will collect 100 boxes of rock samples to date how long they have been exposed to sunlight. A team from Aberystwyth and Swansea universities spent five months studying the Greenland ice sheet last year. The Antarctic team will be led by Professor Neil Glasser of Aberystwyth University. Prof Glasser and his colleagues will hunt for clues about how the glaciers and ice sheets behaved in past climates and what we can expect in the future. The Antarctic peninsula has suffered above average warming over the past 50 years, with around a 2.5Â°C temperature increase since 1950, said the universities. This warming is causing glaciers and ice shelves to melt, releasing large volumes of fresh water into the oceans which not only raises sea level, but also influences regional climate change. However, scientists do not fully understand the relationship between air and sea temperature, and the melting of ice. It is difficult for them to assess whether the melting being observed at the moment is unprecedented in the context of geological time. To address these outstanding questions, the team will collect samples of rock to date their exposure to cosmic radiation and analyse how glaciers and ice have retreated since the last ice age, around 20,000 years ago. "The collapse of Antarctic ice shelves is largely thought to be caused by warming of the atmosphere, but it appears that changes in sea temperature and ice-shelf structure are also important," said Prof Glasser. "With the climate expected to warm in the future, it is important for us to understand how Antarctic glaciers and ice shelves behaved in the past so we can predict how they will react in years to come if temperatures continue to rise." The team of three scientists and one British Antarctic Survey (BAS) field assistant will be dropped off by the Royal Research Ship Ernest Shackleton on James Ross Island, just off the Antarctic Peninsula. They will be heavily laden with equipment including four quad bikes, two trailers, scientific equipment, tents and enough food and fuel to last three months. "Normally when researchers work in Antarctica they operate from a research ship or at an established station, whereas we will be dropped off with all our kit and left for two months with just radio contact to the rest
This could involve anything from a mortgage or loan, to applications for a credit card or a mobile phone contract. But, during tough economic times, lenders are being more choosy about who they lend money to. So, is there anything you can do to improve your credit rating? James Jones, from credit reference agency Experian, answers some of your questions. Q: I have a mortgage with Northern Rock. I am trying to transfer it to another lender to get a more favourable rate. I took out a loan with First National in February 2005. I made regular payments of Â£120 per month for more than four years up until June 2009. Due to a change in bank accounts and address I defaulted on that date. I settled the full amount of Â£7,202 in October 2009. I believe due to this default I am unable to get another lender. Please advise me what I should do to repair or improve my credit ratings. R Patel. A: Defaults stay on a credit report for six years from the default date, so I am afraid yours will hang around until June 2015. Do make sure you review your report to check the default has been updated to "satisfied". If you want to explain on your report why the default occurred you can send a "notice of correction" to each of the three credit reference agencies - Experian, Equifax and Callcredit. The negative impact that the default has on credit scoring will reduce over time and may eventually be outweighed by more recent positive repayment information. A reputable mortgage broker should be able to help you find a competitive deal based on your current circumstances. Q: I currently have a rating in the green (excellent) zone however it is towards the bottom end. As I have no debts, apart from a totally up-to-date mortgage, and have never been behind with credit card or council tax, why is my rating not higher? Ronald P Macleod. A: You do not actually have a credit rating at all. Each lender you approach for credit will calculate a rating for you based on the data available to them at the time and their own lending policies. You can get a score from each of the credit reference agencies to help you understand how your credit report is likely to be viewed by a typical lender, and you have
A group of about 20 caravans moved on to the recreation ground at Muscliffe last week and the council is taking legal steps to remove them. MP Tobias Ellwood, councillors and residents called on police to "act immediately". Dorset Police said it would only move travellers on in "exceptional circumstances". Bournemouth Borough Council said it had no traveller sites and there were no pitches available for travellers in the borough. Mr Ellwood, MP for Bournemouth East, said police had powers to go in "firm and fast" and "if there's six or more pitches, then they have the right, straight away, to tell these individuals to move on". Supt Mike Rogers said: "We will only move travellers on in absolute exceptional circumstances, in a last case scenario. "The basic situation would be one where the community... are denied, in entirety, the facilities of a particular area or a particular piece of land. "In this situation, this has not occurred." On Friday, Bournemouth Borough Council said it was aware of the unauthorised encampment and the site was being visited and monitored daily. On Monday it announced it had started legal proceedings to repossess the land. Bournemouth and other councils across Dorset began a consultation in 2011 to identify potential sites to accommodate Gypsies and travellers. The plan, required by government, will allocate permanent and transit sites for the next 15 years, is due to be adopted by the end of this year. A 2013 report found, while there was a need for 88 pitches across Bournemouth, Poole and Dorset, the total supply was eight. Bournemouth Borough Council leader John Beesley said: "The council's position remains the same as it has done for the past three years. "We do not believe that there are any suitable sites for a permanent transit facility within the Bournemouth boundary."
Training has been fairly intermittent for me recently due to a torn ligament in my big toe after blocking a shot at Accrington a few weeks ago. Painkillers and anti-inflammatory tablets have been a necessity to continue my season, so I totally understood the manager's decision for me not to start the game. The game against AFC Wimbledon the week before had been disappointing, and playing through injury is tough enough, but when results go against you it magnifies any weakness that you have. We were 1-0 down at York when I got the call to go on. Coming on at that scoreline is obviously the scenario where you are desperate to help your team score the equaliser. I had scored a few during the week in training, so I had a positive mindset when I entered the field of play. Anthony Stewart hit a shot from just inside York's penalty area and I took a chance on the goalkeeper palming it towards me. Thankfully that was what happened and I was able to dive at the ball and head it in for the equaliser. At the same time, a York defender tried to volley the ball clear but I was able to get there first. Unfortunately for me, the York defender connected with my arm instead of the ball and a further twist is that the player in question, Dave Winfield, is a really good friend of mine. Midway through the celebration I suddenly realised that my arm was extremely painful. I tried not to give it too much thought, though, as the only thing I could think about was not losing the point that we had just earned for ourselves. There was also the chance that we might be able to snatch a late winner. The pain was starting to really intensify but we had used all of our substitutes, so the option of going off had been taken away. There was no way that I was going to leave my team-mates with 10 men whilst I was still able to run so I just had to grit my teeth and get on with it. Plus, although it was extremely painful, I did not realise that it was broken and the last thing I wanted to do was walk off with a bruised arm! I was so relieved when the referee blew the final whistle and I could
The referendum will take place on 10 March, but Bath Conservative MP Ben Howlett said he was concerned about a "lack of awareness" about the issue. Mr Howlett also said he is worried about the public's level of engagement. Bath and North East Somerset Council said the referendum had been publicised in press releases and tweets. It also said it was the subject of a two-page article in the winter edition of the council magazine which was distributed to all households in the region. A further news release and polling cards will also be sent out to all households this week, the authority added. Supporters of the referendum say Bath needs a mayor to give local government more visibility. Directly elected mayors were created by the Local Government Act 2000 as one option for local government, as long as the idea was backed in a referendum. Mr Howlett said he was "personally concerned" that an elected mayor was not appropriate for an area "as diverse" as Bath and North East Somerset, and that it could "lead to an increase in the cost of local politics". "The level of misinformation on this issue is worrying - many people seem to still believe this is about a mayor of Bath and not understanding it would cover all of Bath and North East Somerset. "I hope in the coming weeks more information will be forthcoming to enable residents to make an informed decision," he added.
Giglia won gold in the C1-3 3,000m cycling race on the opening day of the games, beating American Jamie Whitmore into second place. She said she had taken "extra motivation" from 10-year-old Alasdair Rowan, who suffered a stroke in July and is now recovering. At the time of the last Paralympics in London, Giglia was a sports instructor. But in January 2013, four months after the games had ended, she had a stroke and brain haemorrhage, leaving her with restricted movement down her right side. Cycling formed part of her recovery and she told the BBC in August: "I never dreamed I would get to this level, but it has allowed me to turn what was a bad situation into a good one. "It gives me something to live for and I hope what I am doing can give other people hope that they can do something with their lives." Giglia, who lived in Stratford-upon-Avon before moving to Manchester where British Cycling is based, dedicated her Paralympics victory to other stroke patients trying to come to terms with the effects and, in particular, to one 10-year-old schoolboy who had inspired her. Writing on her Instagram page before the race, she said: "My Paralympic Games kicks off tomorrow and every race I compete in I'm dedicating to individuals and their families who are all currently dealing with the after effects of a stroke!!! "Tomorrow is the 3km pursuit and is dedicated to a strong and determined young man going by the name of ALASDAIR ROWAN who is on his road to recovery and given me extra motivation to succeed...This one's for you Alasdair." Alasdair's father, Lee, told the BBC that Giglia had asked his wife, Fiona, if she could dedicate the race to their son after they were put in touch by charity Different Strokes. Giglia is a patron of the charity. Alasdair, then aged nine, had a stroke in July after suffering an aneurism. He has since returned home following an emergency operation and a month-long stay in hospital, and is hoping to return to school soon. Mr Rowan said the family had been cheering Giglia on to victory and had been filled with "nervous excitement" when they saw her carrying a picture of Alasdair as she was about to be interviewed. Mr Rowan, from Bulkington, in Warwickshire, said he was pleased that she had used the interview to raise
India is one of the world's largest consumers of electricity, and the bulk of it is generated from coal. The new reactors amount to more than the country's present installed capacity of nuclear power. But it is not clear when they will begin working. India currently operates 22 nuclear plants, with a capacity of 6,780 megawatts. "A total of 7,000 megawatts will be added. It will help produce clean energy," Power Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters. The planned nuclear units will generate business worth $11bn (Â£8.48bn) and create more than 33,000 jobs, the government said. The homegrown reactors will be built under the ambitious "Make in India" initiative, with the government saying it will boost India's nuclear manufacturing capability.
They were called to the scene near Springholm at about 09:00. A short statement from Police Scotland said the death was not being treated as suspicious. The area had been cordoned off and the procurator fiscal informed of the incident.
Emergency services were called to River View Maltings, Grantham, at about 11:30 GMT, on Thursday. A 42-year-old man was airlifted to the Queen's Medical Centre, Nottingham, where he is receiving treatment. The 41-year-old woman, who is from Gonerby Hill Foot, is due to appear before magistrates in Lincoln.
Hanson UK had applied to use Sutton village to prevent mixer lorries getting stuck in A40 roadworks. A county council report said lorries bound for the new Westgate Centre had been seen using the route before permission had been given. The firm has apologised for the breaches. In September 2015 the company was given planning permission by Oxfordshire County Council for a mobile concrete plant at Dix Pit in Stanton, on condition lorries used the A415 and A40 and avoided Sutton. In November, Hanson said lorries bound for the new Westgate Centre were spending so much time in roadworks that 100 tonnes of concrete, worth more than Â£22,000, had been lost through prematurely setting while still in mixer lorries. It applied for a change in the planning permission conditions to allow it to use the B4449 through Sutton. However, council officers reported lorries were using the route before the request was approved, with a driver stopping to ask a council officer directions on one occasion. The authority said it was "extremely disappointing" Hanson UK had not stuck to the agreement. The council report said Hanson had apologised for the breaches and insisted it had warned drivers not to use the route. County councillor for Eynsham, Charles Matthews, said the measures taken by the company "clearly hadn't worked". "The trouble is the roads are not brilliant because its very narrow, the verges have been driven over and drain covers are sunk into the road," he added If the council approves the request, 10 loaded mixing trucks could use the route each day until November 2016.
Tommy Thompson was arrested on a criminal contempt warrant for evading a civil case brought by his investors. They accuse him of cheating them out of promised proceeds from one of the biggest shipwreck hauls in US history. In 1988 Thompson recovered millions of dollars' worth of gold from a ship that sank off the US coast in 1857. Thompson went missing in 2012 amid demands he appear in court. He and an associate, Alison Antekeier, were arrested in January in Boca Raton, Florida. They had been at the hotel for two years, paying cash for their room under a false name and using taxis and public transport to avoid detection. The Columbus Dispatch reports that Thompson's plea deal with prosecutors requires him to turn over $425,380 (Â£286,000) to the court, money that was seized when he was arrested. Under the deal, Thompson will be sent to prison for no more than two years, but in exchange the government will not charge him with other offences arising from the case. A total of 161 investors had given Mr Thompson $12.7m (Â£8m) to find the ship on the understanding they would see returns on their investment. Thompson, then an oceanic engineer at Battelle Memorial Institute in Columbus, and his crew brought up thousands of bars and coins in 1988, much of them later sold to a gold marketing group in 2000 for about $50 million. But the criminal complaint unveiled in January said the gold bars and coins he recovered from the seafloor were worth up to $400m (Â£260m). One of the investors has asked an Ohio state judge to freeze all of Thompson's assets.
Raheem Wilks, 19, was the brother of Leeds United's Mallik Wilks. He was shot near Too Sharps on Gathorne Terrace, Harehills, on 26 January. His coffin was taken to St Aidan's Church, Harehills, by horse-drawn hearse. Two men have been charged with his murder and are due to stand trial in October. Read more about this and other stories from Leeds and West Yorkshire The Rev Andi Hofbauer, who led the service, said Raheem "loved life and was a bit of a joker, bit of a clown". "They [his family] described him as fearless. "He desperately wanted to be popular and was well-loved amongst his family and friends." She said the service featured favourite songs chosen by his family and the hymns Amazing Grace and How Great Thou Art. Following the service, during which his brother Malik delivered the eulogy, Raheem was buried at Killingbeck Cemetery.
Local residents said they heard gunfire and several explosions but police said there were no civilian casualties. The attack on the large compound, known as the Green Village, is the second this week targeting foreign workers. On Monday, two Afghan security guards were killed in a Taliban attack on another Western compound. "Four suicide bombers have been killed, there was no harm to civilians," Deputy Interior Minister Mohammad Ayub Salangi told reporters. A Taliban spokesman said the group was behind the attack. The attackers tried to break into the Green Village by detonating a car packed with explosives at the entrance to the compound, which houses foreign contractors and security staff. "Since the Green Village had been targeted several times in the past, the place was heavily guarded and the attackers failed to reach their intended target," Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said. The compound was last targeted in October 2013 when a suicide bomber killed two passers-by. Another attack in 2012 killed seven guards and civilians. Attacks on foreign workers, government officials and security forces have intensified in recent weeks as Western troops end their operations. Last week, a suicide bomber targeted a prominent female Afghan politician, killing three civilians and wounding others in an attack on a Kabul convoy. A week earlier, another suicide attacker entered the offices of Kabul's police chief and killed a senior officer.
The 30-year-old had to be helped off the field after an accident during a training session for the second Test against India in Bangalore. Scans revealed a ligament tear in his left ankle, with Philander due to be out for "at least six to eight weeks". England's Test series against South Africa starts in Durban on Boxing Day. "Vernon stepped on Dean Elgar's foot by accident in our warm-up," said Proteas batsman AB de Villiers. "It was a very freakish accident, to be honest. He is very unlucky." South Africa have called up paceman Kyle Abbott to replace Philander, who has taken 126 wickets in 32 Tests, for the rest of the four-match series, with the visitors currently trailing 1-0. Philander's injury could mean he misses the first two Tests of England's four-game series in South Africa - the second Test in Cape Town on 2 January quickly following the first. "The first Test match against England is six weeks away so it will be a tight schedule to get him ready and rehabilitated to make that Test match," said South Africa team manager Dr Mohammed Moosajee. "Once he has been assessed back home in Cape Town and a proper programme for physio and rehabilitation has been put into place we will have a clearer understanding."
The prosecutors, from Spain's top criminal court, allege Neymar and his father hid the true value of the player's multi-million-euro transfer from Santos to Barcelona. A Brazilian investment fund that owned 40% of Neymar's sports rights argues it was deprived of its full share. In previous interviews, Neymar, 24, has denied any wrongdoing. Barcelona said it paid €57m (£43m) for Neymar in 2013, with the player's parents, Neymar da Silva Santos and Nadine Goncalves da Silva Santos, receiving €40m and his former club, Santos, €17m. But investigators say the fee was closer to €83m and Barcelona concealed part of the deal. The club also denies any wrongdoing. The Brazilian third-party investment fund, DIS, alleges it was financially harmed by the transfer when it received €6.8m of Santos's €17m fee and argues it was deprived of its full share. Neymar and his parents, along with Barcelona's ex-President Sandro Rosell and President Josep Maria Bartomeu, had all given statements at an earlier court hearing in February. Speaking to O Globo TV in Brazil in February, Neymar said: "Before saying nonsense - that we hid this, or hid that - they should prove it. "My father is doing everything to ensure that I can just focus on playing football. He handles the books. But in the moment when you see someone you love suffering, it starts to hurt." Neymar and his father also face accusations in a separate case of defrauding the Spanish tax office, while the player faces a tax evasion investigation in Brazil. He denies wrongdoing. Neymar's move to Barcelona FC has been a big success on the pitch. The striker became part of a goal-scoring trio with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez. In 2015, Neymar helped the club win five trophies and came third in the Fifa Ballon d'Or competition. He also scored in the Uefa Champions League final against Juventus. He won the Spanish league and cup double with Barcelona in 2016.
Media playback is not supported on this device The champions, who are also out of the League Cup, are 15th in the table following Saturday's 3-1 home loss. Asked if he thought it was his last game in charge, he said: "No, I don't." The 52-year-old told BBC Sport: "The fans aren't stupid. They know how much myself and the players are trying." Listen: I’ll turn Chelsea around if they allow it – Mourinho Listen to all the goals from Saturday's game Mourinho has never lost more than six league matches in an entire league campaign as Chelsea manager, and says both he and the team will continue to battle. "The fight goes on, but sometimes there are fights very impossible to win. You go to a fight with different ammunition," he added, having been photographed in discussion with his coaches on the pitch after the match. Chelsea made the perfect start when Ramires headed them into the lead. But two goals from Philippe Coutinho and a third from Christian Benteke gave Jurgen Klopp's side the three points. In the BT Sport interview, the Portuguese manager looked visibly shaken and responded with questions about his team's performance and his future by repeating, "I have nothing to say". And in his BBC interview, when asked about Liverpool midfielder Lucas not receiving a second yellow, Mourinho responded with, "I don't speak" before adding in his news conference later that he feared he would be reprimanded if he did express his views. "I am punished if I tell you," he said, as he awaits the outcome of two disciplinary matters. He then cryptically added: "And what happened in the second half, everything was the consequence of a crucial moment. Everybody in the stadium saw, the players felt it. What happens is now a consequence." Mourinho said his relationship with the press would change in the build up to last week's defeat against West Ham. It was in reaction to the reporting of him being filmed by members of the public using mobile phones. In Saturday's news conference, he added: "As professionals the players are not getting the respect they deserve. We are not going to have a great Saturday dinner. "I am sorry about lack of respect for professionals. You are intelligent guys. At the next press conference I will bring you nice glasses and you will see things in a better way."
Its followers, popularly known as Moonies, were once a regular sight on high streets around the world. Sun Myung Moon's Unification Church is best known through events like its mass weddings, where thousands of couples are married at the same time, having only just met their lifetime partner. Born in what is now North Korea in 1920, Moon claimed that God had chosen him to establish the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth. He founded the church in 1954, claiming he was the New Messiah. His adherents, shared their leader's strong belief in marriage and his hatred of communism. They were often to be seen selling peanuts and flowers to raise money for the church, which was constantly accused of brainwashing its members, breaking up families and lining the pockets of its leader - allegations which were fiercely denied. There is no doubt, though, that Moon was a very wealthy man. He owned large and lavish properties in the United States, founded the Washington Times newspaper and ran arms factories in South Korea. But the Reverend Moon guarded his wealth, eventually criminally. Convicted of massive tax evasion in the 1982, he swapped his sharp suits for prison uniform, spending 11 months behind bars. On his release, he joined with other American churches to campaign for religious freedom. He was outspoken in his beliefs. "God is living in me and I am the incarnation of himself," Moon told one interviewer. "The whole world is in my hand and I will conquer and subjugate the world." Not everyone was impressed with Moon's sentiments and, in 1995, the British government barred him from entering the United Kingdom. In May 2001 the Unification Church pulled off a remarkable coup, marrying a Roman Catholic Archbishop, Emmanuel Milingo, to a South Korean bride in a ceremony in New York City. The Vatican was outraged but, before he recanted and returned to Rome in disgrace, Archbishop Milingo provided valuable publicity for Moon's organisation. Two years later, Moon provoked outrage when, in a sermon, he condoned the Holocaust because it was the Jews' payment for killing Jesus. Sun Myung Moon's fervent speeches brought him followers around the world but the debate, as to whether he was truly a great spiritual leader, or a confidence trickster who fleeced the gullible on a global scale, will continue.
CAIR said Rose Hamid's eviction from the rally in South Carolina sent a "chilling message to American Muslims". Ms Hamid was removed after making a silent protest on Friday. Mr Trump's proposed ban on Muslims entering the US has been widely condemned. During the rally in the town of Rock Hill, Ms Hamid stood up wearing a T-shirt bearing the words: "Salam, I come in peace" - "Salam" is the Arabic word for peace. When she stood up, the crowd around her began chanting "Trump! Trump!" as they had reportedly been instructed to do in the event of any interruption, reports the BBC's Anthony Zurcher from Rock Hill. Ms Hamid, a 56-year-old flight attendant, was then told by a security officer that she had to leave. She was booed as she was escorted out. CAIR said that as well as apologising to Ms Hamid, Mr Trump should "make a clear statement that American Muslims are welcome as fellow citizens and as participants in the nation's political process". Mr Trump has yet to respond. At a Republican presidential forum in nearby Columbia,  on Saturday morning, Ohio Governor John Kasich condemned the way the Trump crowd handled the protest. "We don't need to be shouting and booing and scaring somebody," Mr Kasich, who is competing against Mr Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, told the BBC. "This is not some high-school basketball game. We are all our brother's keeper." He added that the next US president must be willing to work with moderate Muslim nations. "That may not win me the Republican primary, but there's more to life than that," he added.
He is the second Belgian cyclist to die in as many days after Antoine Demoitie was struck by a motorbike during Belgium's Gent-Wevelgem race. Myngheer, who turned professional last year, had been in an induced coma. His team, Roubaix Metropole Lille, said in a statement: "He lost his last race after fighting like a champion." Myngheer pulled up in difficulty 20 miles from the line in the first stage of the race at Porto-Vecchio on Saturday. He suffered the heart attack while in an ambulance, before being transferred by helicopter to hospital, where he was put on artificial respiration and fell into a coma. According to his team, Myngheer's organs have been donated. British cyclist Mark Cavendish tweeted: "Such a terribly sad few days in the professional cycling world. Another tragic loss. "RIP Daan Myngheer. My thoughts are with your loved ones." The Trek-Segafredo team added: "The cycling family loses another young talent. Our thoughts go to the loved ones and team members of Daan Myngheer." The latest tragedy comes after Demoitie, 25, was killed when he was hit by a motorbike on Monday. The accident happened after several riders crashed as they passed through northern France during Sunday's Gent-Wevelgem one-day race. Demoitie, who was riding for the Wanty-Gobert team, was taken to hospital in Lille but died some time later. In January, six racers from the Giant-Alpecin team, including German John Degenkolb and Frenchman Warren Barguil, were injured in a collision with a car during a training ride south of Valencia.
Andrew Boyce's late equaliser had cancelled out Sido Jombati's delicate free-kick, but the home earned all three points in stoppage time. Wycombe defender Joe Jacobson's free-kick on 13 minutes drew a decent save from James McKeown. Garry Thompson had another good chance for the hosts on 50 minutes, but wastefully blazed his half-volley wide from 25 yards. Wycombe led five minutes later, though. Luke Summerfield brought down Jacobson on the edge of the box, and Jombati stepped up to place the ball beyond McKeown for the home side's first goal in 112 days. Cameron Dawson was forced into a sharp double save after 69 minutes, diving to his right to stop Summerfield's fierce shot, then saving Kayden Jackson's follow-up with his legs. Ten minutes later, though, Grimsby deservedly equalised when Boyce passed the ball beyond Dawson after Wycombe failed to clear a corner. But Stewart popped up to tap home from two yards after substitute Adebayo Akinfenwa's flick-on bounced off both posts for Wycombe's first points of the season. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Wycombe Wanderers 2, Grimsby Town 1. Second Half ends, Wycombe Wanderers 2, Grimsby Town 1. Joe Jacobson (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kayden Jackson (Grimsby Town). Attempt blocked. Ashley Chambers (Grimsby Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Goal!  Wycombe Wanderers 2, Grimsby Town 1. Anthony Stewart (Wycombe Wanderers) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Adebayo Akinfenwa (Wycombe Wanderers) hits the left post with a header from the centre of the box. Substitution, Grimsby Town. Rhys Browne replaces Tom Bolarinwa. James Berrett (Grimsby Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Joe Jacobson (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by James Berrett (Grimsby Town). Substitution, Wycombe Wanderers. Nick Freeman replaces Matt Bloomfield. Corner,  Wycombe Wanderers. Conceded by James McKeown. Attempt saved. Garry Thompson (Wycombe Wanderers) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Sam Wood (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kayden Jackson (Grimsby Town). Foul by Matt Bloomfield (Wycombe Wanderers). James Berrett (Grimsby Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed. Sam Wood (Wycombe Wanderers) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.
The taxi-app firm said the sackings related to sexual harassment, bullying and issues about poor company culture. Uber has been under fire over its treatment of women staff since a former employee wrote a scathing blog post about her experience. It led to two investigations and the uncovering of 215 complaints about harassment and other allegations. Uber has struggled with a series of controversies in recent months, including a backlash over aggressive corporate tactics and a lawsuit from Google-owner Alphabet over allegedly stolen technology for self-driving cars. Several high-placed executives resigned amid the turbulence, including a former head of engineering, who had failed to disclose harassment complaints at his former employer. Chief executive Travis Kalanick's filmed argument with an Uber driver over falling rates also fuelled criticism, leading him to say that he needed "leadership help". Susan Fowler, who wrote the critical blog post about Uber, said the company had ignored her complaints of sexual harassment. Widely shared, the blog prompted Mr Kalanick to launch the investigations. Does Silicon Valley have a sexism problem? Uber's mess reaches beyond sexism - and Silicon Valley Law firm Perkins Coie reviewed 215 claims, which included sexual harassment and discrimination as well as other complaints, an Uber spokeswoman said. The firm recommended no action in 100 of them; 57 remain under review, while others have received warnings or are in training, she said. Some of those fired held senior positions, she said. Discrimination, 54; Sexual harassment, 47; Unprofessional behaviour, 45; Bullying, 33; Other harassment, 19; Retaliation, 13; Physical security 3; Wrongful dismissal 1. Staff fired, 20; Staff put in training, 31; Final warnings, 7; Claims still under review, 57. Uber has also appointed Eric Holder, who served as attorney general under former US president Barack Obama, to investigate the company's broader culture. The findings of that report have been turned over to the board and recommendations are expected to be made public next week. Some changes are already in place. Uber announced the hiring of two women to high profile positions this week. Frances Frei, a Harvard Business School professor, will serve as a senior vice president for leadership and strategy, working with the head of human resources Liane Hornsey. Ms Hornsey is herself relatively new, starting at the company in January. Bozoma Saint John, a former marketing executive at Apple, is also joining Uber as chief brand officer. Uber employs more than 12,000
The 15-year-old South Korea-born New Zealander finished with a five-under-par 67 to win by three shots. She broke the age record of 16, set by Lexi Thompson in the Navistar LPGA Classic in Alabama last September. Only four other amateurs have ever won on the Tour, and Ko became the first since JoAnne Carner took the 1969 Burdine's Invitational tournament. In January, Ko won the New South Wales Open in Australia at 14 to become the youngest player to win a professional tour event, a mark broken by 14-year-old Brooke Henderson in June in a Canadian Women's Tour event in Quebec. Ko also won the US Women's Amateur two weeks ago in Cleveland, Ohio. Starting the final round at The Vancouver Golf Club one shot clear, she surged away from the field on the backward nine, shooting five birdies in six holes to finish at 13 under. Inbee Park shot a 69 to finish second on 10 under, while US Women's Open champion Na Yeon Choi, Chella Choi and Jiyai Shin tied for third at eight under.
Strachan received the backing of the SFA board last week despite his side sitting fifth place in their World Cup qualifying group. Speculation had linked Sunderland manager Moyes with the job. "I don't think there's anybody out there who could do a better job than Gordon Strachan," said Moyes, whose side beat Hull City 3-0 on Saturday. The Scot had been under pressure in the first year of his own four-year contract with the English Premier League club. But the win over Hull lifts Sunderland above Swansea City and off the bottom of the table. Moyes has often said that he would like to manage his country at some point but was unhappy to be linked with the role with Strachan still in post. "Quite rightly so that they kept Gordon on, because he's got a limited group to choose from," said the former Everton, Manchester United and Real Sociedad boss. "I think Scotland did well against England. I think that the score flattered England a little bit. "And I think Gordon's working with the tools he's got and deserves to be in the position." Scotland's 3-0 defeat by the English at Wembley left the Scots six points behind the Group F leaders and four adrift of second-top Slovenia. However, Ross County winger Chris Burke, who has seven Scotland caps, thinks Strachan's side can still finish second and secure a play-off place. "The way we have to look at it is - are we going to finish first, or did we think we were going to finish first?" he told BBC Scotland. "No, we weren't. Realistically, we were looking at coming second and is that still a possibility? Of course it is. "It is only four points and the team that are in second are coming next to Hampden and, if we beat them, it is back on. "One thing about Gordon is he is a fantastic coach and I've learned so much in my game when I was at the age of 30 when he introduced me back into the Scotland squad." Former Scotland left-back Gary Naysmith agreed about Strachan's qualities. "Everybody says on the training pitch, you won't find anyone better," said the East Fife manager. "I've never heard one person say anything bad about Gordon Strachan's coaching. "I thought there was a lot of optimism from the England game, but I can also understand when you look
Two explosions near the finishing line killed three people and injured at least 140 about two hours after the winners had completed the race. "If this had happened two hours earlier, maybe I would have been among the victims," Mr Korir said. He had been celebrating Kenyan Rita Jeptoo's victory in the women's race. "The joy that we had has all been taken away," Mr Korir told the BBC's Newsday programme. Ms Jeptoo comes from the Cherangany constituency, for which Mr Korir was elected an MP in last month's election. Despite the blasts and his political career, he says he will continue to compete in marathons - even in Boston, if it is held again next year. "My attitude to marathons will never change but my attitude to life may change," he said. Bostonians recall 9/11 spirit Obama statement How secure are marathons? He said it was "scary" when he heard the news of the blasts. He said on hearing the news, he immediately checked on his parents-in-law, who were visiting, along with his coach. Kenya's ambassador to the US has told the BBC that none of the eight Kenyan athletes running the marathon were wounded in the blasts. Two South Africans were treated in hospital for minor injuries but have now been released, officials say. The men's race was won by Ethiopia's Lelisa Desisa, ahead of Kenya's Micah Kogo. The annual Boston Marathon this year had a field of about 23,000 runners and was watched by hundreds of thousands of spectators. It is held on Patriots' Day, a Massachusetts state holiday which commemorates the first battles of the American Revolution in 1775. UK police are reviewing security plans for Sunday's London Marathon, the next major international marathon, following events in Boston.
RSPB Scotland said video footage shot at the Perthshire estate showed an osprey attempting to rebuild a nest. However, festival organiser DF Concerts said the video did not correspond with reports from their ornithologist monitoring the site. Police were called to the scene on Monday and are investigating. Consultations are ongoing over a planning application to host the annual music festival at Strathallan, which has drawn a mixed response from locals. Ospreys are a protected species and cannot be disturbed while nesting. DF Concerts had hoped to encourage the birds to move to a specially constructed new nest further away from the festival site, having been unable to gain access to remove the old nest entirely. However, the group's tactic of flying a flag from a cherry picker near the old nest was criticised by nature groups and local campaigners. RSPB Scotland called in the police after the video footage emerged on Monday, stating that the nest was now "active", and the cherry picker was later removed. A spokeswoman for DF Concerts said it had been taken down while they awaited further information. She said: "We've seen a copy of the video referred to by RSPB and it does not correspond with the ongoing monitoring from our ornithologist onsite. "We are fully aware of and compliant with the legal protocol and as such, we have asked the police and RSPB to seek further information so that the video's authenticity can be fully examined."
The BBC found a disregard for health and safety on an estate in north-east India owned by Assam Company. The Rainforest Alliance, an ethical certification organisation, has now stripped a group of Assam Company's plantations of its green frog seal. The Assam Company said it was appealing against the decision. A group of Assam Company's estates lost its certification because "it was found to be in breach of critical criteria relating to the use of personal protective equipment", the Rainforest Alliance said in a statement. The Assam Company said the loss of its certification was because of a "minor error" on one estate - Hajua - while spraying a plant extract, which it understood did not require personal protective equipment. It said that because the Assam company estates operate in a "single cluster", the other estates were automatically decertified. Twinings, Taylors of Harrogate and Fortnum & Mason have suspended business with the company while Harrods took the tea off its shelves shortly after the investigation, which was broadcast in September. Workers at the company's Hajua estate were seen spraying agrochemicals without the protective equipment employers are required to provide, when the BBC visited. Men spraying reported breathing difficulties, numbness of the hands and face, a burning sensation on the skin and profound loss of appetite. The Rainforest Alliance said its auditor confirmed the BBC's evidence of unsafe spraying and the organisation had tightened its rules on the subject. Taylors of Harrogate said it will maintain a relationship with the estates and support efforts to improve standards. Twinings plans to continue working with the Ethical Tea Partnership (ETP) - an organisation set up by UK tea companies to improve workers' lives - to monitor the working and living conditions on all the tea estates from which it buys. It also plans to conduct a review of the Assam estates it sources from in the next few months. Because of the way ETP and the Rainforest Alliance work together, a Rainforest suspension automatically results in a suspension of ETP certification. Fortnum & Mason says it will not buy from Assam Company until its "problems have been successfully resolved and they are once again Ethical Tea Partnership certified". The original investigation also found workers on a number of Assam estates and plantations belonging to other producers living in broken houses with terrible sanitation. The Assam Company said it was "committed to the practices
Sergio Garcia set the tone with his astonishing Masters triumph in April, before Brooks Koepka made his breakthrough at the US Open and Jordan Spieth won The Open. With Thomas' victory, the past three majors have been won by Americans with an average age of 25. So what have we learned from the four biggest tournaments that define the men's game in 2017? The US regained the Ryder Cup last autumn and Europe must be relieved the next match is not this September. There is frightening strength in depth in the American game as Koepka, Spieth and now Thomas have proved. They all trail Dustin Johnson in the world rankings, the world number one's major season having been ruined by the injury he sustained in a freak fall on the eve of the Masters. Matt Kuchar was runner-up to Spieth at The Open, Rickie Fowler's fifth place at Quail Hollow was his second top five of the year in a major and Patrick Reed was joint runner-up in the US PGA. Furthermore, there is a unique chemistry and camaraderie among this generation of American players. Thomas and Fowler were waiting to congratulate Spieth at Royal Birkdale and The Open champion was among those who returned the compliment in Charlotte last Sunday. "We obviously all want to win," Thomas said. "We want to beat the other person - but if we can't win, we at least want to enjoy it with our friends. "I think that we'll all be able to enjoy this together and I know it's going to make them more hungry, just like it did me, for Jordan [at The Open]." As BBC Radio 5 live's Jay Townsend told listeners: "He basically threw away the whole year. If you are not fit, you can't compete." The strength in depth at the top of the game means that even with Rory McIlroy's incredible talent, he cannot keep up with the biggest names unless he is able to practise without physical hindrance. The 28-year-old Northern Irishman shared fourth at The Open - his best major performance of the year - but he was never genuinely in contention at Birkdale and, after finishing 22nd at Quail Hollow, he revealed he suffers back spasms following most rounds he plays. It means his time on the range has to be curtailed and he has still not fully recovered from the rib problem that
External overnight trips went up by 5%, reaching 2.3 million, due to a large influx of British people. However, tourism numbers from the Republic of Ireland continue on a deep downward spiral. In 2015 they slumped by 18% on the previous year, with the problem now being looked at by a "recovery task force" at Tourism Northern Ireland. Overnight trips by visitors from across the border totalled 320,000 in 2015, while in 2012 there were 430,000 overnight trips made. In 2014 a report for Stormont said an "image problem" may explain the fall, but the weakness of the Euro last year will not have helped. The Department for the Economy's new statistics show that the Giant's Causeway remains the most popular visitor attraction. In 2015 it had over 815,000 visitors.
Mae modd cymharu'r ffigyrau'n uniongyrchol, ac maen nhw'n dangos bod y bwlch mwyaf yn yr amser aros ar gyfer llawdriniaeth ar y glun, sydd wedi gweld cynnydd o 20% dros y flwyddyn ddiwethaf. Yn ôl y ffigyrau diweddaraf, mae pobl yn disgwyl 226 diwrnod yng Nghymru ar gyfartaledd, o'i gymharu â 76 diwrnod yn Lloegr. Er hynny roedd gostyngiad mawr yn yr amser roedd cleifion yn aros am lawdriniaeth ddargyfeiriol ar y galon yng Nghymru. Yn 2014/15, roedd pobl yn disgwyl 111 diwrnod ar gyfartaledd, ond erbyn 2015/16, roedd hynny wedi gostwng i 43 diwrnod. Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi croesawu'r gostyngiad, ond maen nhw'n cydnabod bod angen gwella'r sefyllfa mewn meysydd eraill. Ar y cyfan, roedd amseroedd aros yng Nghymru yn llawer hirach na Lloegr mewn saith o'r 11 categori. Roedd unigolion yn disgwyl tua deufis yn fwy am driniaeth cataract a hernia yma o'i gymharu â Lloegr yn 2015/16. Roedd cleifion yn aros 11 diwrnod yn ychwanegol am lawdriniaethau ar y stumog, bron i bythefnos yn fwy am ddiagnosis niwmonia ac wyth diwrnod ychwanegol am ddiagnosis o glefyd ar y galon yng Nghymru. Yn ogystal, roedd cynnydd o 20% yn yr amser aros am lawdriniaethau ar y galon nad oedd yn cynnwys llawdriniaethau dargyfeiriol, o'i gymharu â 2014/15. Prin oedd y newid yn yr oedi cyn cael diagnosis canser neu anaf i'r pen, ac roedd yr amser aros ar gyfer llawdriniaeth ddargyfeiriol ar y galon a llawdriniaeth ar yr arennau yn fyrrach yng Nghymru nag yn Lloegr. Dywedodd llefarydd y Ceidwadwyr Cymreig ar iechyd, Angela Burns AC, bod y ffigyrau yn "sgandal" ond "nid yn annisgwyl", a bod yr oedi yn achosi "poen a dioddefaint" i gleifion. Galwodd ar yr ysgrifennydd iechyd i gyflwyno "strategaeth bendant a dyfeisgar sy'n cael ei harwain gan dargedau" i wella'r gwasanaeth iechyd. Yn ôl llefarydd Plaid Cymru ar iechyd, Rhun ap Iorwerth, "hunanfodlonrwydd" yw ymateb Llafur yw'r oedi i gleifion. Dywedodd bod amseroedd aros wedi gwella ym maes llawdriniaeth ar y galon, sy'n dangos "bod taclo amseroedd aros yn bosib os oes awydd i wneud hynny". Dywedodd llefarydd ar ran Llywodraeth Cymru bod nifer yr unigolion ar draws y wlad sy'n disgwyl dros naw mis am driniaeth wedi gostwng 20% yn 2016. "Rydyn ni'n falch o weld gwelliant mawr mewn amseroedd aros am lawdriniaeth ddargyfeiriol ar y galon, a'r gwelliannau mewn meysydd eraill, gan gynnwys llawdriniaeth cataract a thrawsblannu arennau," meddai'r llefarydd. "Rydyn
The 80-year-old Tokyo market is known for its tuna auctions which supply many of the capital's top sushi restaurants. Smoke could be seen billowing from shops on the outskirts of the market on Thursday, as dozens of fire engines tackled the flames. The fire was out by Thursday night and there were no reports of injuries. Tsukiji's interior industrial market - where the famous tuna auctions take place - was undamaged and the area was open to tourists as usual. The blaze broke out at about 16:50 local time (07:50 GMT), Japanese broadcaster NHK said, in the outer region of the market and close to the surrounding area's narrow streets. The area is home to many sushi restaurants and shops, some of which have been evacuated, NHK reports. The cause of the fire is not yet known. The blaze seems to have affected several old wooden buildings. The market was constructed in 1935, in the aftermath of the great Kanto earthquake of 1923, and built largely from corrugated iron sheds. Today, it is a sprawling, busy market, but is seen by many as rundown and overcrowded. Nonetheless, its enormous volume and variety of produce means it receives tens of thousands of tourist visitors each year. The market is due to be moved by the end of 2017. Efforts to move the market to a more modern location have been met with resistance by many of the workers, some of whom have been in the family business for generations. Tokyo's governor, Yuriko Koike, has previously said the market needs to be rebuilt because of its age - and the associated risk of it being vulnerable to earthquakes, which are not uncommon in Japan.
On Wednesday, a leaked document revealed a private-public sector consortium was the last remaining bidder for a Â£690m contract. Campaigners handed over their petition at a clinical commissioning group (CCG) meeting on Thursday. Commissioners said their focus was on improving outcomes for patients. Speaking at a protest outside the NHS meeting in Hednesford, Gail Gregory, from the Cancer Not For Profit campaign group said the Staffordshire service should be run by the NHS. "A private company is out to make a profit. That's what you want a private company to do. I'm not a profit opportunity, I'm a patient," she said. Outsourcing contracts to cover both cancer and end of life care in Staffordshire were announced last year. Together, they are expected to be worth Â£1.2bn and cover a 10-year period. The contracts will cover the areas controlled by Stafford and Surrounds, Cannock Chase, Stoke-on-Trent and North Staffordshire CCGs. The cancer contract is expected to be awarded in December and, according to a leaked document seen by the BBC, discussions between the CCGs and the consortium are expected to take place over the next few weeks, before a formal proposal is submitted. The group includes University Hospitals North Midlands, the Royal Wolverhampton Hospitals Trust and private firm Interserve. The CCGs said they brought together a wide range of expertise.
Pollock was only the fourth fastest Irish athlete but he got the nod ahead of Sergiu Ciobanu, who clocked the third quickest time. A superb World Half Marathon run sealed Pollock's place along with Belfast's Kevin Seaward and Mick Clohisey. North Belfast athlete Breege Connolly is in the women's team with Lizzie Lee and Fionnuala McCormack. Fellow North Belfast competitor Gladys Ganiel is the first reserve for this summer's Games - Barbara Sanchez of Clonliffe Harriers is second reserve. Ciobanu, who can appeal his exclusion from the team, is first reserve for the men with Rathfarnham's Sean Hehir second reserve. Pollock, 29, set a personal best of 2:15.38 set in the Berlin Marathon last September but that was bettered by  Ciobanu with 2:15.17. However, Pollock impressed by finishing 14th at the World Half Marathon in Cardiff in March, with Mo Farah the only European ahead of him. Pollock hoped to improve his marathon time in London last month but he was forced to pull out because of a foot injury.
The North East county have been demoted after accepting a £3.8m financial aid package from the ECB. "The ECB have to hold their hands up and look at the system they have created," said Vaughan. Counties currently have to bid to stage international matches at their grounds. Durham reportedly paid £923,000 to stage England's Test match against Sri Lanka in May, which ended in victory for the home side. But they have now lost the right to stage Test cricket at the Riverside and will start next season with a 48-point deduction. Durham finished fourth in Division One last year and their relegation means Hampshire, who were second bottom, have been reinstated. "The decision has been coming," Vaughan, who also represented Yorkshire, told BBC Radio 5 live. "For many years, there have been a few counties who have gone through financial difficulties. "These counties get put under so much pressure to bid for the right for a Test match and one-day games. "In this case, Durham have found it difficult to find investment. This could be a lot worse for them. The ECB bailed them out." Vaughan said he had "never liked" the process of counties bidding to host international matches. "I never understood it," he said. "It was taking money out of the pot and putting counties under too much restraint and pressure to sell tickets." In a statement, the ECB said it had helped Durham because of the "unprecedented seriousness" of their situation. Former Durham and England fast bowler Steve Harmison said "nobody comes out of this looking very good". He added: "I don't think the ECB have helped Durham in the last 12-18 months and there has been mismanagement from a Durham point of view." Lancashire director of cricket Ashley Giles, England's former T20 and ODI coach, said the ECB's policy of trying to "create competition" in order to spread Test cricket throughout the country had "backfired a little bit".
The victim was threatened with a knife and punched during the attack at Exhibition Park in the early hours. Her attacker is described as of Asian appearance, aged about 25 or 30, of thin build and wearing a grey hoodie. Northumbria Police has asked anyone who was in the Exhibition Park or Spital Tongues area at the time - about 03:00 BST - to get in touch as they might have vital information.
More than 200 houses inside the enclave were burnt down. Residents reportedly refused to return the body of a Bangladeshi villager allegedly killed by the Indians. The Indian enclave, Garati, is situated inside Bangladesh, about 3.5km (two miles) from the border which is not properly demarcated. About 2,000 people live in the enclave, which is surrounded by the Bangladeshi district of Panchagarh. Indians allege that the intruder from Bangladesh was a robber but villagers from the neighbouring area deny the accusations. Reports say only half the population of the enclave has returned to the area so far. Hundreds of people have spent the last few nights out in the open as their homes were destroyed in the violence. Residents of the enclave say they had lost household goods and valuables in the mob attack. "Normalcy is slowly returning to the area. We have deployed additional forces to prevent further violence," Shahriar Rahman, a senior police official in the district of Panchagarh, told the BBC Bengali service. There has been no comment yet from the Indian side on the incident. Local journalists say this is the first major attack on an Indian enclave in many years. The incident has once again highlighted the tense relations in the border areas. India and Bangladesh have enclaves in each other's territory and the two sides have been holding talks for years to resolve all border-related issues. The two countries share a border of more than 4,100km (2,550 miles). There are more than 100 Indian enclaves inside Bangladeshi territory and there are about 50 Bangladeshi enclaves in India - thousands of people live in them. Residents of these enclaves often complain that there is virtually no infrastructure and no government. They say there is a lack of water, roads, electricity, schools and medicine. Activists say neither government is seriously interested in addressing the plight of people living in the enclaves.
Auckland-born Quinn, 22, holds a UK passport and will not therefore count as an overseas player. He is the first signing by the county since Thursday's appointment of former England paceman Chris Silverwood as head coach. "Matt is a tall, fast bowler who can swing the ball. We've made no secret of the fact we want to bolster the bowling attack," said Silverwood. "Having looked at Matt play, alongside his record in New Zealand, he's got a good pedigree." Essex have had quite an overhaul since the appointment of former captain Ronnie Irani as their new cricket committee chairman. England one-day international Reece Topley has joined Hampshire, while former skipper Mark Pettini has moved to Leicestershire and former England spinner Monty Panesar, Greg Smith, Matt Salisbury and Saf Imtiaz were all released at the end of last season. But slow left-arm spinner Aron Nijjar and young fast bowler Aaron Beard have both signed their first professional contracts, while England all-rounder Ravi Bopara, opening batsman Jaik Mickleburgh, limited-overs captain Ryan ten Doeschate and England Under-19 all-rounder Callum Taylor have all agreed new deals.
It happened at HM YOI Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire on Friday morning, Thames Valley Police said. An online prison blog said 30 inmates took part in the "mass brawl". Police said the injured people had since been released from hospital. The Prison Service said it was investigating the incident with police. Officers were called to "a report of disorder" at the young offender institution in Bierton Road at about 11:00 BST, but "officer deployment was not required at the incident", a spokeswoman said. "Seven prison officers and one prisoner were taken to hospital for treatment." The incident came to light in an online blog on Prison UK. Author Alex Cavendish, a former prisoner, said he was passed the information via "reliable, professional sources inside the system". "A mass brawl broke out yesterday morning... Prisoners were attacking each other with weapons - and staff," the informant said. He described the incident as "horrific". "Staff were trying to save their lives and got battered. Some were seriously injured. Another officer was on the landing unconscious. "We had ambulances and fire service in, trying to help alongside our healthcare department. "The wing has been brewing for a while," he added. A Prison Service Spokesman confirmed that "an incident involving a number of prisoners took place on Friday 21 July". "We do not tolerate violence against our hard-working staff. Where incidents like this occur, we will always work closely with the police to push for the strongest possible punishment," he added. The incident is being jointly investigated by the Prison Service and Thames Valley Police.
Staffordshire bull terrier Butch was labelled "dangerous" by Merseyside Police after he was found eating the corpse in 2015. Officers said the 10-year-old dog, who had been trapped in the Liverpool flat for several days, presented a danger. But a dog charity said Butch "did what was natural" and should be rehomed. Judge Nigel Bird has now ordered a review of the seizure order and fairness of the court hearing. The precise cause of Butch's owner's death remains unknown. The force assessed whether the animal, which is not a banned breed, presented a danger to others and concluded it did. A judge sitting at Liverpool Magistrates' Court agreed and ordered the dog's destruction in April 2016. But the Senior Staffy Club said Butch was a "friendly dog" and sought permission for a judicial review at Manchester Civil Justice Centre earlier. The charity said Butch's owner, who had been ill for some time, had been in the process of signing him over to the charity when he died. Spokeswoman Kate Lee said a volunteer went to collect the dog from the property but did not get an answer. She said it was distressing and unfortunate but Butch had done "what was natural for a dog" left without water or food for a number of days. Ms Lee said: "We were there; we were ready to take the dog from the police and take him in our kennels and assess him and find him a suitable home. "That's what should have happened." The dog has been in police kennels since the owner's death in September 2015. Merseyside Police said the Chief Constable has noted the court's decision. A date for the review is yet to be set.
A house and a number of cars in the city's Hazelbank area have been targeted in recent days. It is believed youths fill a drain pipe with mud before launching it like a catapult at homes and vehicles. Sinn Féin councillor Eric McGinley has called on those involved to stop immediately. "Apart from the mess which has been created, there is a very real danger that an accident will occur if passing cars are struck by this debris," said Mr McGinley, "When motorists are targeted it can cause damage to the car and could scare a driver into crashing, so there are very serious implications. "Drivers have been in touch telling us that these incidents were taking place over the weekend." Mr McGinley made a further appeal to parents in the area to be aware of where and what their children are up to. "These muck bombs are going to detract from the general appearance of the area," said Mr McGinley. "So, parents need to impress upon their children the dangers of their actions. "I've been in contact with the housing executive about this and they have given me assurances that the mess will be cleaned up as quickly as possible," he added. A spokesperson for the Housing Executive said: "There is a tenancy at this property and a number of issues have arisen, which we are currently working to resolve. "We have taken measures to protect our property."
In 2014, Glenavon House Hotel, in Cookstown, was found to have committed an offence by allowing a teenage disco to be held in its nightclub. The Court of Appeal upheld the decision that laws restricting the presence of children on premises used to sell and consume alcohol had been breached. The appeal was brought by the hotel's director, Brian Morris. The court heard that the hotel had been running a monthly teenage disco in its Sense nightclub since 1994, during which no alcohol was being sold and no children were drinking alcohol. Complaints were laid in November 2013 alleging that the hotel allowed a person under the age of 18 to be in licensed premises during the permitted hours contrary to the Licensing (NI) Order 1996. Dismissing the appeal, the judge said that Sense nightclub is used mainly for the sale and consumption of alcohol. He said that had the legislation, "wanted to exempt alcohol-free events for children on licensed premises used exclusively or mainly during permitted hours, it could have said so. "Plainly it did not and it is not open to this court to build in such an exemption." The judge added that the hotel put a considerable effort into ensuring that no alcohol was consumed at the event, but that this does not provide an answer to the current law.
In his first full news conference, he insisted the package would not breach European Union budget deficit limits. Mr Renzi said income tax would be reduced by a total of 10bn euros ($14 bn; £8bn) annually for 10m low and middle income workers from 1 May. The 39-year-old said his agenda was the most ambitious Italy had ever seen. By Alan Johnston BBC News, Italy The press conference was classic Matteo Renzi. Despite the high seriousness of the subject at hand, he was entirely relaxed - fast, fluent and joking. He was in his element. As always making the answers to Italy's problems seem obvious and easy. And perhaps this whirlwind of a young politician really will, as he promises, "change the nation" in just a hundred days. But there always seems to be a certain lack of detail in Mr Renzi's pronouncements. And nagging questions about how everything will be paid for. Large numbers of Italians will have their doubts about their inexperienced new leader. His plans sound a little too good to be true. But all the same, many of those looking on will very much hope that Mr Renzi might just find a way to deliver. "This is one of the biggest fiscal reforms we can imagine," the former mayor of Florence told reporters after a cabinet meeting that approved the measures. Italy is struggling to emerge from its longest post-war recession and Mr Renzi has made clear that job creation and growth, rather than austerity, will be the focus of his government. He said the detail of the tax cuts would be set out in the government's annual forecasting document released next month, and made clear the budget deficit goal would be raised, while insisting that it would stay below the EU's ceiling of 3% of GDP. Italy is currently aiming to keep its deficit to 2.5%, after 3% in 2013. "We will respect our European commitments," he said, adding that he expected EU authorities would take note of Italy's reform efforts in judging its public finances. He said the tax cuts will be financed by reductions in central government spending, extra borrowing, and by resources freed up thanks to the recent fall in Italy's borrowing costs. Italy's regional IRAP business tax will also be cut 10%, to be financed by increasing tax on income from financial instruments - excluding government bonds - from 20 to
The 16-month-old boy was rescued by a parent dropping off a different child at the day care residence. The woman fled in her minivan, striking two people, before attempting to take her own life by jumping off a bridge, but was stopped by bystanders. Police have not released a possible motive, but say that the child is "doing fine". Minneapolis Assistant Police Chief Kris Arneson said that the woman is now being evaluated at a local hospital. "It's horrific, horrific," Ms Arneson said of the assault. "We never want children to be injured. That's part of reason we call in our chaplains. It's a horrific scene for officers to encounter," she added. The hit-and-run victim, who was dragged for several blocks, has broken bones and cuts but is expected to survive, Ms Arneson said. A cyclist was also hit by the same minivan. At least six investigators are working on the case, including detectives from the homicide and crimes against children units. Police declined to provide the suspect's name. There were fewer than six children in the nursery at the time of the attack, Ms Arneson said.
Inland Fisheries Ireland said the pink salmon, which are of Pacific origin, were found in rivers in Counties Galway, Mayo and Donegal. The fishing board said it was concerned about the impact the fish may have on Ireland's Atlantic species. The pink salmon was also found earlier this month in Scotland. Pink Salmon, also known as humpback salmon, originate from the west coasts of the United States, Canada and northern Asia. The fish are a favourite prey of North America's grizzly bears. A potentially invasive species to the UK, the salmon may be related to fish introduced to the Barents Sea in Russia in the 1950s. The species can be identified by the following characteristics: However, Dr Greg Forde, head of operations at Inland Fisheries Ireland, said "it seems unlikely that these fish made a migration due to their small size". He said the appearance of the species was a "mystery". "We are appealing to the public, and the angling community in particular, to be vigilant and to report any catch of pink salmon to Inland Fisheries Ireland," he added.
Abdul Hafidah was stabbed after he was hit by a car at about 17:15 BST on Thursday. He died later in hospital from a stab wound to the neck. Police believe he had been chased by a group of men near Greenheys Lane before being hit by the blue Vauxhall Corsa on Moss Lane East and then stabbed. A 19-year-old man is being questioned, Greater Manchester Police said. Two other people have been arrested in connection with Mr Hafidah's death. A 19-year-old man from Moss Side , who was arrested on suspicion of murder on Sunday after handing himself in at Longsight police station, remains in custody for questioning. A 17-year-old boy earlier arrested on suspicion of attempted murder has been bailed pending further inquiries. Officers are appealing for anyone with dash-cam or mobile phone footage of the incident to pass it on to them via dropbox or by calling at their local police station.
The Derbyshire club, who play in the eighth-tier Northern Premier League Division One North, have lost all 19 league and cup games this season. New Mills have conceded 68 goals while three managers have left since June. "It's tough but we've got a new squad and the players are starting to gel," Millers boss Garry Brown told BBC Radio 5 live's Non League Football Show. Former Norwich City midfielder Keith Briggs took over from Roy Soule, who stepped down in June, but resigned after just 23 days for a job with Sheffield United's academy. Andy Fearn was put in charge in July and appointed former Manchester City striker Shaun Goater as his assistant. But Fearn and Goater lasted just nine league and cup games before resigning after a 7-1 home defeat to Prescot Cables. Brown, who has overseen 10 league and cup defeats, added: "There's been a lot of changes to the squad and there's only three players still here from when we took over in September. "There's no budget, it's petrol money these lads are playing for." All is not lost for the Millers, who are bottom of the table, 10 points behind Harrogate Railway Athletic, the next team above them. Brown, along with Paul Williams (his assistant at New Mills) and Lee Gregory, last season led Manchester team Wythenshawe Town to an astonishing 39 wins from 39 games played. Bashley, who play in the Southern League Division One South & West, are also without a point after losing all 14 league games this season. But they did manage a win in the FA Trophy preliminary round.
The picture of Men Drinking in a Pub appears to have another work on the reverse, partly covered by wall paint. The piece was found during renovation of the artist's previous home in Whitworth Terrace, Spennymoor, by new owners Joe and Deborah Smith. Auctioneer and art expert John Anderson said it was "a piece of salvage that may yield a masterpiece". "Most artists, if suddenly touched by the muse will grab whatever is available to work out the inspiration," he said. The artist, who died last year, started working in the mines when he was 14 and became famous for his paintings of everyday life in the industrial North East after attending the Pitman's Academy. "In this case, presumably, he looked at it and thought 'there's a painting I'm not satisfied with'," said Mr Anderson. "Rather than going to the shop when he was panelling the bathroom cupboard, this was a cheap and convenient expedient." Mrs Smith, whose father was Cornish's cousin, said the panel was not signed but "it is definitely a Cornish because his son-in-law Michael has authenticated it and has written a letter of authentication". The painting is to be auctioned by Anderson and Garland in September. An early self-portrait of the artist with a hidden portrait of his wife on the other side was sold by the auctioneers for Â£13,500 in January.
The alleged assault happened on 2 July but her parents discovered it only a few days ago after she complained of stomach ache and was taken to hospital. Meanwhile, hundreds of parents have protested outside the school, pulling down its gates and shouting slogans. Police have registered a case, but they are yet to make any arrests. The BBC's Andrew North in Delhi says it's the latest in a series of sexual assault cases that have made headlines in India. Figures show more rapes are being reported in general, which is a sign that the crime is being taken more seriously, our correspondent reports. But India's sluggish judicial system means it can take years for victims to get justice. New Prime Minister Narendra Modi has promised a zero tolerance approach on crimes against women, but violence and discrimination against women  remain deeply entrenched in society. The girl was allegedly raped by a security guard and a gym teacher, but as there are multiple guards and gym instructors in the school, police say they are trying to identify the guilty, BBC Hindi's Imran Qureshi reports from Bangalore. As news of the incident became public, hundreds of parents gathered outside the school, protesting against the alleged insensitivity of the school management. "They have handled it very shoddily," said Vivek Sharma, parent of a boy studying in the school. On Thursday,  school chairman Rustom Kerawala addressed a meeting of the parents where he offered his "sincere apologies" and promised "full co-operation" with the police  investigation. Scrutiny of sexual violence in India has grown since the 2012 gang rape and murder of a student on a Delhi bus. The brutal crime led to massive outrage in the country and forced the government to introduce tougher anti-rape laws, including the death penalty in rare cases. But the law appears to have failed to act as a deterrent. Statistics from the National Crime Records Bureau for 2013 show one rape was reported every 21 minutes.
The animals cup their mouths when they produce kiss squeaks - alarm calls that often signify a predator is nearby. Researchers have now studied the acoustics of these "hand-modified kiss squeaks" and shown that the animals sound bigger and "more impressive" when they use their hands in the call. The findings are published in the Journal of Experimental Biology. If the orangutans do this deliberately - knowing it exaggerates their size - the researchers think it may be a glimpse of an early precursor to language; an animal intentionally changing a sound it makes and, in turn, changing its meaning. This same team of scientists - from the Netherlands, Belgium and the UK - first noticed that the apes changed their kiss squeaks with their hands back in 2009. But that change they spotted was very subtly different, so the team decided to analyse it in much more depth, to understand exactly what effect it had on the orangutan's voice. Lead researcher Bart de Boer from the University of Brussels, an expert in bioacoustics, worked out that the animals' hands were creating what he called a "a cylindrical extension of the lips". "This has the same effect as lengthening the sound box of a musical instrument," he explained, "so you get resonance of the lower pitches". In short, this makes a kiss squeak sound like it is coming from the puckered lips of a bigger orangutan. "So they aren't doing this for nothing," said Dr de Boer, "It makes them sound more impressive." Dr de Boer's main scientific interest is the evolution of speech. By applying detailed acoustic examination of the sounds these great apes produce, he says that researchers are gradually piecing together the puzzle of how language developed. But, he said, "there is still a lot to be found out". "It's unlikely that they're [making themselves sound bigger by accident], but it's still possible," Dr de Boer cautioned. Wild orangutans can be tricky to spot and study, so one research team is listening for their voices instead - using microphones in the forest to locate the animals. Brigitte Spillmann from the University of Zurich has developed a way to triangulate male orangutan "long calls" - a call often used to attract a mate - to work out their positions. "Long calls can be heard up to 1km away, [so they're] a good candidate for this type of monitoring,"
Scans of 21 people showed the brain was more attracted to food if breakfast was missed so people had more food at lunch. Scientists said it made losing weight challenging as missing meals made calorific food even more appealing. Nutrition experts say breakfast is known to take the edge off appetite. However, researchers were curious about what happened inside the brain to alter the food people choose to eat. Twenty one people, who were all normal weight, were shown pictures of calorie packed foods while they were positioned in a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machine at Imperial College London. On one day they were given no breakfast before the scans and on a different day they were fed a large, 730 calorie, breakfast an hour and a half before. The researchers said skipping breakfast created a "bias" in the brain in favour of high calorie foods. The results, presented at the Neuroscience 2012 conference, showed the brain changed how it responded to pictures of high calorie foods, but not low calorie foods, when breakfast was skipped. They showed part of the brain thought to be involved in "food appeal", the orbitofrontal cortex, became more active on an empty stomach. When the researchers offered the participants lunch at the end of the study, people ate a fifth more calories if breakfast was missed. Dr Tony Goldstone, from Imperial College London, said: "Through both the participants' MRI results and observations of how much they ate at lunch, we found ample evidence that fasting made people hungrier, and increased the appeal of high calorie foods and the amount people ate. "One reason it is so difficult to lose weight is because the appeal of high calorie food goes up." Dr Catherine Hankey, a senior lecturer in nutrition at the University of Glasgow, said research had shown that breakfast "takes the edge off appetite" and that the latest study was an "interesting" insight. She said breakfast was linked to stable blood sugar levels, which "keeps you on the straight and narrow". Future studies will investigate how obesity affects the same system in the brain.
CRCC was at the head of a consortium that had won the project last year, which was abruptly revoked shortly after being awarded. The deal was called off over controversy in the bidding process. The Mexican government relaunched the bid earlier this year, but that was cancelled for a second time. The second cancellation of the 130-mile rail link was blamed on budget cuts. The Chinese rail firm gave Mexico's communications and transport ministry (SCT) a list of costs that it had incurred during the bidding process and had requested for compensation. The ministry announced the amount to be paid to the firm on Thursday. If the deal had gone ahead, it would have resulted in Mexico becoming the first Latin American nation to have a bullet train after Brazil and Argentina had postponed their own rail projects.
Known for its beaches and cricket - its national sport - the former British colony has a dual heritage: English - evident in its stone-built Anglican churches and Saturday race meetings - and African, reflected in its music and dance. Country profiles compiled by BBC Monitoring Barbados is one of the more populous and prosperous Caribbean islands. Political, economic and social stability have given it one of the highest standards of living in the developing world. As well as being a centre for financial services, it also has offshore reserves of oil and natural gas. However, the economy took something of a knock in the wake of the 2008 global financial crisis. The country's public debt rose sharply in 2009-11, mainly because of a slowdown in the tourism and financial services sectors. Prior to the economic crisis there was a construction boom, with new hotels and housing complexes springing up. The trend accelerated as the island prepared to host some of the key Cricket World Cup matches in 2007. However, a shortage of jobs has prompted many Barbadians - more often known as Bajans - to find work abroad. The money that they send home is an important source of income. Most Barbadians are the descendants of African slaves who were brought to the island from the 17th century to work the sugar cane plantations. Limestone caverns, coral reefs and a warm climate tempered by trade winds are among the island's natural assets. Barbados is relatively flat, with highlands in the interior.
The Slovenia-born 26-year-old beat 30-year-old Czech Rosol 6-2 6-3 in just over an hour. Spaniard Nadal, 29, is the fifth seed and received a bye into round two. British number one Andy Murray also enters at the second round and will play French qualifier Pierre-Hugues Herbert, 25, on Tuesday. The 28-year-old Scot is also competing in the men's doubles, where he and partner Dom Inglot progressed to the second round by beating Pablo Cuevas and Marcel Granollers 6-3 6-4. Murray and Englishman Inglot next play Edouard Roger-Vasselin of France and Serbia's Nenad Zimonjic.
They will be joined at next year's Olympics by South Africa who defeated Equatorial Guinea in Bata 1-0. It is the first time that any Zimbabwe team has qualified for a global football tournament. Rudo Neshamba's 8th minute goal was enough to send Zimbabwe to Brazil. It's a great achievement for us, I'm so happy I can't even explain how I'm feeling right now The result meant the tie finished level at 2-2 on aggregate, with Zimbabwe qualifying on the away-goals rule. It was disappointment for Cameroon who represented Africa at the Women's World Cup in Canada, reaching the second round. Neshamba (pictured) was again Zimbabwe's match-winner, having scored their crucial away-goal in the first leg in Yaounde. Her captain, Felistas Muzongondi, said it was a famous day in their footballing history. "It's a great achievement for us, I'm so happy I can't even explain how I'm feeling right now," Muzongondi told BBC Sport. "This is our first time in history to beat Cameroon, and we were expecting this because we prepared very well." Zimbabwe's skipper also admitted it was a very tough match. "There was so much intensity so we had to put much pressure on them because they have so much more physical fitness than us." Zimbabwe booked their place in Rio despite severe financial difficulties facing football in their country. They were only able to continue in this qualifying tournament after Ivory Coast withdrew. Also on Sunday, South Africa defeated Equatorial Guinea 1-0 in Bata to win the tie by the same score on aggregate after the first leg had ended goal-less. Jermaine Seoposenwe's second half goal proved crucial for Banyana Banyana and was enough to win them their place in Rio. The South African Football Association (Safa) President, Dr Danny Jordaan congratulated Banyana Banyana for their achievement. "Today is a historic day for women football; not only have they qualified for the Rio Olympics but have done so in style - winning away from home in 'hostile' Bata environment," Jordaan said in a statement. "Few teams survive trips to Equatorial Guinea as Nigeria would attest but coach Vera Pauw plotted one of the greatest wins in South African football history," Jordaan added. South Africa's progress to the Olympics makes up for their disappointment of missing out on qualification for the Women's World Cup earlier this year.
Andy Carroll poked home his sixth goal in six matches, and Mark Noble added two penalties to put the hosts 3-0 up. The first spot-kick was awarded after Jose Holebas felled Diafra Sakho, and Almen Abdi brought down Michail Antonio for the second after the break. Sebastian Prodl hooked one back for Watford and they also earned a late penalty, but Troy Deeney saw it saved. And in the final minute of injury time, Hornets winger Nordin Amrabat was sent off for picking up his second yellow card. The Hammers remain sixth in the Premier League, still three points behind fifth-placed Manchester United after their 2-0 win over Crystal Palace. Liverpool also beat Everton 4-0 on Wednesday and are two points behind West Ham in seventh. Watford remain 12th and will now focus on Sunday's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley against Palace. Both sides have had their fill of penalty action this week. Carroll scored one for the Hammers before they conceded a late spot-kick and equaliser against Leicester on Sunday. And Watford earned a 1-0 victory over West Brom on Saturday - their first win in seven league games - largely thanks to Heurelho Gomes' two penalty saves. However, Gomes was not able to save his side for a third and fourth time in 135 minutes of play. Noble slotted both penalties home with ease, after Carroll had given the Hammers the lead by poking in from close range after a pinpoint ball from Dimitri Payet. Watford got in on the action late on, when Angelo Ogbonna was adjudged to have brought down goalscorer Prodl in the area, but Deeney - on as a second-half substitute - was denied by Adrian. West Ham came up against a much-changed Watford side, as manager Quique Sanchez Flores kept seven first-team players rested for Sunday's trip to Wembley. And the Hammers dispensed of the Hornets with ease to earn a new club record. Slaven Bilic's side have now gone 15 games without losing at home in the Premier League - their last defeat at Upton Park coming against Bournemouth on 22 August. The record came in the third-from-final game at Upton Park ahead of the Hammers' move to the Olympic Stadium. West Ham manager Slaven Bilic: "We can say they had half of their mind on the weekend and they rested players, but their line-up still had internationals. Media playback is not
An agreement has been reached to remove compulsory unit assessments from all National 5 and Higher courses. The EIS said the move will "lighten the assessment burden for pupils and teachers". The industrial action had threatened to disrupt work for the Scottish Qualifications Authority (SQA). EIS general secretary Larry Flanagan said: "I can confirm that EIS Council has now agreed to suspend our programme of industrial action in relation to excessive SQA-related workload. "The agreement that has now been reached at the CfE (Curriculum for Excellence) management board, based on a proposal submitted by the EIS, is a significant victory for teachers and pupils in our secondary schools. "The changes that have been agreed, to permanently remove compulsory unit assessments from all National 5 and Higher courses, will ease the assessment burden on pupils and teachers and create time and space for deeper learning and teaching in our classrooms." Deputy First Minister John Swinney said: "This is welcome news from the EIS and I am delighted that they have confirmed suspending a programme of industrial action in relation to teacher workload. "Over the past few months, I have listened carefully to what teachers, parents, young people and others have had to say on workload, and have responded positively with a range of actions to help reduce workload pressures. As part of this, I have now announced the removal of mandatory unit assessments from National 5, Higher and Advanced Higher courses. "This will significantly reduce the workload for our teachers, giving them more time to focus on what is most important - teaching our young people - while maintaining the core principles of Curriculum for Excellence." Mr Swinney added: ""I am glad that the EIS have recognised these efforts and I hope that together we can move forward to ensure that teachers in Scotland have more time to teach, and contribute to closing the attainment gap."
Paul Hurst's side lifted themselves six points clear of fourth-bottom Port Vale, who have two games left but a goal difference 11 inferior to Shrewsbury. Shrewsbury started brightly with an inviting cross from Joe Riley drifting just wide before Stefan Payne's low shot was turned wide by goalkeeper Christian Walton. Will Atkinson's header was comfortably gathered by home goalkeeper Jayson Leutwiler as Southend started to carry more of a threat and then Ryan Leonard's shot was deflected narrowly wide by Brown. Nile Ranger went close twice at the start of the second half for Southend, who remain a point outside the play-off places, and then Simon Cox saw a shot pushed away by Leutwiler. Shrewsbury, up to 18th in the table, grabbed the winner in the 64th minute when left back Brown headed in a corner from Shaun Whalley to spark jubilant scenes at the final whistle at the Greenhous Meadow. Match report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Shrewsbury Town 1, Southend United 0. Second Half ends, Shrewsbury Town 1, Southend United 0. Attempt saved. Jason Demetriou (Southend United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Corner,  Shrewsbury Town. Conceded by John White. Corner,  Shrewsbury Town. Conceded by John White. Foul by Jermaine McGlashan (Southend United). Aristote Nsiala (Shrewsbury Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Jayson Leutwiler (Shrewsbury Town) is shown the yellow card. Corner,  Southend United. Conceded by Junior Brown. Attempt blocked. Bryn Morris (Shrewsbury Town) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt saved. Theo Robinson (Southend United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Substitution, Shrewsbury Town. Gary Deegan replaces Ryan Yates. Substitution, Shrewsbury Town. Stephen Humphrys replaces Alex Rodman. Corner,  Southend United. Conceded by Mat Sadler. Jason Demetriou (Southend United) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Junior Brown (Shrewsbury Town). Foul by Marc-Antoine Fortuné (Southend United). Junior Brown (Shrewsbury Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Substitution, Southend United. Marc-Antoine Fortuné replaces Michael Timlin. Substitution, Southend United. Theo Robinson replaces Nile Ranger. Attempt missed. Jermaine McGlashan (Southend United) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Corner,  Southend United. Conceded by Junior Brown. Substitution, Southend United. Jermaine McGlashan replaces Stephen McLaughlin. Goal!
The 2014 Commonwealth Games silver medallist improved her English record to 65.10 metres at the New South Wales Championships in Sydney. It puts her second in the all-time British list behind Scotland's Margaret Ritchie, who threw 67.48. It is the second time she has thrown an Olympic qualifying mark in three days. The 28-year-old threw 64.22m at the Auckland Track Challenge on Thursday.
Millie Thompson died on 23 October 2012 after eating shepherd's pie at Ramillies Hall School and Nursery in Cheadle Hulme, Greater Manchester. An inquest jury returned a misadventure verdict, and said no-one was to blame. South Manchester Coroner John Pollard is writing to the government as a "matter of national importance". The jury at Oldham Magistrates' Court heard that Millie started coughing and crying in a high chair during her mashed lunchtime feed from a supervisor before her lips turned blue. A nursery supervisor - whose basic first aid certificate had expired - shouted for help and passed Millie to a colleague who had paediatric first aid training and gave the baby back slaps. Millie's condition fluctuated and then deteriorated as an ambulance arrived 10 minutes after staff dialled 999. There were no signs of life as she was taken to Stepping Hill Hospital, and she was pronounced dead soon after arrival. Mr Pollard also said he would be writing to the North West Ambulance Service after it emerged that the 999 call handler in the choking incident admitted she made two "fundamental" errors in responding to nursery staff's call. After terminating the call, North West Ambulance Service employee Aaliyah Ormerod also made the comment: "Jeez, stop giving me information," the inquest heard. Ms Ormerod said she had wrongly graded the call and did not recognise it as an immediate life-threatening situation, which meant a rapid response vehicle was not sent to the nursery. She also accepted she should have stayed on the phone until the ambulance arrived, the inquest heard. The coroner said he expected her employers to take action over the end-of-call comment which he said had "added insult to injury, quite literally". Mr Pollard said he would write to the chief executive of the ambulance service regarding call handler training over child illnesses. he also said all vehicles should have appropriate paediatric equipment on board.
But amid the chaos and terror, the city's university has remained open throughout most of this time. This has raised questions about whether it has been kept open to provide a facade of normality, or whether it has been used as a technical facility to develop weapons, including for chemical warfare. But there are clandestine networks of Mosul students and academics who have wanted the rest of the world to know what happens in a university under IS control and in the deteriorating conditions of their city. They have been helped by the New York-based Scholar Rescue Fund, part of the Institute of International Education, which once rescued academics in Europe from the Nazis. On condition of anonymity, they describe a city of violence and fear, with public executions, vice police patrols, persecution, air raids, worsening shortages and bans on communication. Day-to-day life overlaps with horrific displays of control. In one account, someone coming home from a shopping trip in Mosul was stopped by IS members and forced, along with other passers-by, to witness the "horrifying and disturbing" spectacle of a public beheading. There is also danger from coalition air raids, with 32 air strikes in or around Mosul last week. "Life under Isil [another name for IS] has one meaning - absolute fear," according to one Mosul source. There is a culture of spying, betrayal, blackmail, regular "humiliations" and deadly consequences. "It is extremely easy for them to kill anyone. Their courts can come to a judgement in a few minutes and the execution will take place immediately." "Some students worked with them and started spying on us," said sources who saw the University of Mosul being taken over by IS in June 2014. Subjects such as literature and philosophy were suspended and anything seen as symbolising opposition to their religious ideology was attacked. "They burned the books in the central library, then they demolished the archaeological sites." "Right from the beginning, Isis [another name for IS] thought that any book that doesn't advance Islam is meaningless and worthless." Any academics with links to the west or loyal to the Iraqi government "all lost their lives". The university switched to subjects promoting the new regime's war effort, with foreign fighters using some of the buildings for accommodation. Physical sciences became a priority and the IS regime encouraged training in medicine, pharmacy, nursing and dentistry, filling gaps left by doctors
Colin Patterson, 51, from Newcastle, contacted a fake profile created by the Dark Justice group. During conversations on the internet, he asked for sex, sent naked pictures and arranged a meeting. The former shipyard worker had admitted attempting to meet a child following sexual grooming at a previous hearing. At Newcastle Crown Court, prosecutor Tim Gittins said the vigilante group had set up the profile on the website Badoo as a girl named Tasha. "They were careful that contact was initiated by the defendant and he contacted the profile in January," he said. "It was made clear to him immediately that he was conversing with a 14-year-old and asked if that was acceptable to him. "The defendant's conversations moved quickly towards sexual matters and asking to meet her." Mr Gittins said Patterson sent two pictures of his genitalia, which was part of the 120 pages of conversation between them. A rendezvous was arranged at the Centre for Life, in Newcastle city centre. When Dark Justice arrived they stopped a passing policeman who arrested Patterson. Jailing him, Judge Penny Moreland also placed him on the sex offenders' register for 10 years and made a sexual harm prevention order lasting for 10 years. Shaun Routledge, defending, said: "He does not seek to blame anybody but himself and there are clear indications of remorse." Dark Justice, who are a two-man team, welcomed the sentence and said their work had now resulted in 18 arrests.
Team GB skier Tim Farr's £5,000 handbike was found after a social media campaign. It had been sold for £150 at a Cash Converters shop in south London. Mr Farr, who was a member of the British Disabled Ski team at the Vancouver Paralympics in 2010, thanked people on social media for finding the bike. On Facebook, he wrote: "Thank you again to all the amazing people, those who I know and don't, who shared my posts in the search of my stolen bike. "It has been an amazing couple of days and has restored my faith in humanity." He said his original call for help had been shared more than 3,500 times and that celebrities and MPs had helped with retweets. The bike was taken from his car parked outside his home near Balham, south-west London, at about 04:00 BST on 21 April. Police retrieved the bike after being alerted via social media by people who had spotted it in the shop. More than £1,700 was raised on a crowd funding website to pay for a new bike for the skier. This money will now be donated to charity.
The five-time African champions have been draw in a pool with SuperSport United, Horoya and Mounana in the expanded group stage. Three-time winners CS Sfaxien of Tunisia will face South Africa's Platinum Stars, debutants Mbabane Swallows of Swaziland and Mouloudia Alger from Algeria. Moroccan side FUS Rabat, who won the tournament in 2010, face two sides making the debuts in the group stages in Rivers United of Nigeria and Uganda's KCCA. The group is completed by Tunisia's Club Africain, who were crowned continental champions in 1991 and runners-up in this competition 20 years later. Rivers United were the last team to qualify for the group stage with a 2-0 aggregate win over Rayon Sports after a goalless draw in Rwanda on Saturday. The first leg of the tie was postponed due to the the commemorations for the genocide in Rwanda. First group matches due to be played on the weekend of 12-14 May. The top two from each group will progress to the quarter-finals with the final set to be played over two legs in November.
The money will fund flood defences in Yorkshire, a £10m innovation fund for businesses in Manchester and Cheshire, and regeneration in Hull city centre. It was announced by Prime Minister Theresa May amid plans for a new more interventionist industrial strategy. Mrs May said there was a need to "drive growth across the whole UK". She detailed the funding during her first regional cabinet meeting, held at a science and business park in Daresbury, Cheshire. The money will help fund projects including: What is the Northern Powerhouse? The £556m has been allocated from the Local Growth Fund cash pot of £1.8bn, announced in the Autumn Statement, and will be handed to 11 Local Enterprise Partnerships across the north. It is part of a wider scheme aimed at boosting the post-Brexit UK economy and creating jobs, with a particular focus on investment in science, research and innovation. Mrs May said the plans, contained in a green paper published earlier, were about building a "truly global Britain". While a significant portion of money has been allocated to the North, she said there was "the need to ensure that our economy works for everyone in every part of the country". News of the funding earmarked for flood defences has been particularly welcomed, following the widespread deluge that hit parts of Yorkshire and Lancashire in December 2015. Councillor Alex Ross-Shaw, Bradford City's Council executive member for regeneration, said: "We need to examine the detail but I welcome much-needed investment to help protect homes and businesses in our district from future flooding. "The Boxing Day floods a year ago had a devastating impact on those affected and the region's economy, so it's essential that the government works with us to manage flood risk because this is about people's homes and livelihoods." Stacey Howard, operations director at the Goole Development Trust, said improved transport links would be "brilliant for the town". "We are in the M62 corridor and Goole is the biggest inland port in the UK." Mike Perls, founder and CEO of Manchester-based strategic marketing agency MC2, said the funding "isn't about about factories and chimneys", but rather "a modern industrial strategy" to help modern, innovative businesses thrive. "It will encourage regional economies to develop strategies reflecting their strengths, and the businesses within to look globally without hesitation." However, Rebecca Long-Bailey MP, Labour's Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury, said £556m "pales into insignificance" when
England's last one-day international tournament meeting with the Black Caps ended in an eight-wicket defeat at the World Cup in February 2015. Morgan says that heavy loss was like "men against boys", with New Zealand going on to reach the final. "It's completely different now, two years down the line," said Morgan. England recovered later that year to beat Brendon McCullum's tourists 3-2. Another victory in Tuesday's match, which starts at 10:30 BST, would put them into the Champions Trophy last four, after New Zealand's game with Australia on Friday was abandoned because of rain. "We've got a completely new team, pretty much," added Morgan. "A lot of it has to do with confidence. We come into this tournament full of confidence. "The dominant factor in New Zealand was that they had that confidence, whereas we didn't." Morgan's side face Australia at Edgbaston on Saturday in their final Group A game. Steve Finn has replaced injured all-rounder Chris Woakes in the squad and Morgan says the Middlesex seamer was an automatic choice. "It was backing up consistency in selection and trying to get guys together as a group that we've showed trust in over the last couple of years," he said. "We've tried to go like-for-like as often as we can. But when we can't, we go for a guy we can throw the ball to at any stage in order to try to make an impact in the game. "Finny is one of those guys, and I'd have no hesitation in playing him if we felt it was the right thing to do."
The 30-year-old won the last of his 34 caps against New Zealand in 2013. "I had a phone call from Eddie before he picked the England squad saying I need to get back to the running rugby and get hands on the ball in the wide channels," said Foden. "That's the first time anyone's ever told me that from England - it was always the other way around." He added to BBC Radio Northampton: "They always said my counter game was good and I was good with ball in the wide channels but the rest of the game needed working on so it was quite bizarre for him to turn around and say that to me." Saints, losing Premiership semi-finalists last season, have struggled for form this term and are currently seven points off fourth-placed Harlequins in sixth. And Foden said his conversation with Jones was linked to the problems his club side have had. "It just shows where we are as a Northampton back-line, we haven't been firing," he added. "Individually, I haven't been getting the ball in the wide channels and doing what I used to do in a Northampton Saints shirt. "Hopefully that will light a fire for a few of us - I think Luther [Burrell] had the same conversation as well."
Laurent Blanc's runaway leaders moved on to 92 points with two games of the 38-match season remaining. Uruguay forward Cavani, 29, broke the deadlock with a perfectly placed header before his clinical finish made it 2-0. He completed his hat-trick with another header before Zlatan Ibrahimovic completed the rout in stoppage time. The win keeps PSG 27 points clear of nearest rivals Lyon, who thrashed third-placed Monaco 6-1 and have played one game more. Forward Alexandre Lacazette scored a hat-trick for Lyon, while former Newcastle United defender Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa got two and midfielder Rachid Ghezzal also found the net. PSG's last two league games are away to mid-table Bordeaux on Wednesday before they host Nantes on 14 May. Blanc's side, who have also won the French League Cup, meet Marseille in the Coupe de France final on 21 May.
The Northern Ireland striker headed home on the hour mark as Ian Cathro's side struggled at Borough Briggs. Dunfermline, having played a game more, top Group B after a 9-8 penalty shootout win over East Fife following a goalless draw. The shootout victory meant the Pars picked up two points with East Fife taking one. After 17 penalties without a miss, Ben Gordon was the unlucky man to fail with his spot-kick. Hearts head coach Cathro was happy to see summer signing Lafferty open his account for the club. "We anticipated it would be difficult, it's not an easy place to come and play," he told BBC Scotland. "They defended well and we had to be patient. "I'm pleased that we stayed calm and that Kyle (Lafferty) got a goal. It was a good finish." In Group A, Inverness Caledonian Thistle held on to top spot despite needing a shootout following a 0-0 draw away to Stirling Albion. Liam Polworth and Iain Vigurs were the only ones to score in the shootout to hand John Robertson's men a 2-0 win on penalties and the bonus point. In the derby between Brechin City and Forfar Athletic, Mark Millar took the game to spot-kicks with a late penalty after Isaac layne had given Brechin a second-half lead. Brechin moved into third place, one point behind Falkirk, after Kalvin Orsi's winning penalty earned the bonus point. Inverness Caley Thistle manager John Robertson blamed a lack of a killer instinct for his side failing to earn all three points. "In terms of the ball, we dominated most of the match," said Robertson. "We knew Stirling would be at it and they were, all credit to Dave Mackay and his team. "We lacked belief in the first half, had great chances to score and didn't take them. Second half we said up the tempo and get at them, which we did. But we just couldn't find that killer instinct. "The more it went, the more frustrating it was. I thought we were going to be here until midnight with the penalties. Two scored out of eight, that's incredible. Two of our guys missed the target and for professional players that's bad technique."
The 23-year-old was a free agent after leaving the Shrimpers in December. The Czech started his professional career with Liverpool before joining Yeovil in June 2014, making 45 league appearances for the Glovers. He will be unable to play for the Pilgrims, who have not disclosed the length of his deal, against the Reds in the FA Cup third round, having already played for Southend in the competition. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 53-year-old was given the job on a temporary basis in February, following the sacking of Claudio Ranieri. Shakespeare, who has only worked as caretaker or number two, was Ranieri's assistant after joining the club under former Foxes boss Nigel Pearson. "This is a really exciting opportunity for me to continue along this new path in my career," said Shakespeare. "Our preparations for pre-season and the new Premier League campaign have been ongoing for some time, but we can now move on with certainty and ensure we are well equipped to compete at the levels now expected of a club like Leicester City." Shakespeare won eight of his 16 games in charge last season, leading the club to the Champions League quarter-finals. As reigning Premier League champions, Leicester were one point above the relegation zone with 13 matches left when Ranieri departed. But Shakespeare collected 23 points, including wins in all his first five games, to guide the club to 14th place. Leicester beat Sevilla in the last 16 of Europe's elite club competition, but were knocked out in the next round by Atletico Madrid. City vice-chairman Aiyawatt Srivaddhanaprabha added: "Craig has shown all the qualities in leadership, motivation and talent management that are required to be successful in this role. "Those qualities, aligned with his first-class coaching acumen, his knowledge of Leicester City and its philosophy, and the respect he has earned at every level of the club make him the ideal choice to help take us forward."
Mr Kejriwal spent Monday night in the open and conducted business with cabinet members from the street. His administration had accused the police of failing to deal with an alleged drugs and prostitution ring - something they denied. The chief minister says he has won concessions from central government. By Soutik BiswasIndia correspondent India's Arvind Kejriwal's 'anarchic' politics The government, which commands Delhi's police force, has agreed to send on leave two police officers Mr Kejriwal wants suspended on allegations of misconduct. "I'm very happy today. Today the people of Delhi have won. I want to congratulate the people of Delhi," AFP news agency quotes Mr Kejriwal as telling supporters. The protest began on Monday when Mr Kejriwal was prevented from going to the home minister's office to demand the officers' suspension. He was acting in response to an incident which threatened to become a diplomatic issue, putting his Aam Aadmi Party, the police and members of Delhi's African community at loggerheads. Last Wednesday Mr Kejriwal's Law Minister, Somnath Bharti, and various party supporters allegedly confronted four Ugandan women in a Delhi neighbourhood, accusing them of prostitution. Police refused to search a nearby house for evidence of the suspected drugs and prostitution ring because they did not have a warrant. Mr Bharti and supporters of the Aam Aadmi Party were accused of threatening and intimidating the women, forcing their way into homes and making racist remarks - allegations they deny. Mr Kejriwal's wider demands include police reform and transferring control of Delhi's police force from the federal authorities. The chief minister also accuses the police of failing to protect women, following the fatal gang-rape of a student in December 2012. The Aam Aadmi Party, or Common Man's Party, performed unexpectedly well in state elections on an anti-corruption platform, propelling Mr Kejriwal to the post of chief minister last month. India's general election must take place by May and the party, only one year old, is expected to field a large number of candidates. The protest in Delhi is thought likely to raise its profile as the national poll approaches. While hailed as a victory by some, Mr Kejriwal's protest has been criticised by others, who urged him to get off the streets in order to govern as he was elected to do. His sit-in had caused congestion in central Delhi as police barricaded roads to the site. Police clashed with
UK government figures showed Scotland generated 4,590 gigawatt hours (GWh) of renewable energy in the first three months of 2012. This was an increase of 1,435 GWh on the first quarter of 2011. Scotland is aiming to generate the equivalent of 100% of its electricity needs from renewables by 2020. The UK Department of Energy and Climate Change also issued revised statistics for 2011 which showed that renewable electricity generation in Scotland was 13,735 GWh in 2011, an increase of 44.3% from 2010 and up 97.3% from 2006. The Scottish government said that, assuming gross consumption in 2011 was similar to 2010, about 35% of Scotland's electricity needs came from renewables in 2011, beating its interim target of 31%. Scottish Energy Minister Fergus Ewing said the figures showed the country was making good progress towards the 2020 target. He added: "The increase of 45.5% in renewable output in quarter one 2012 compared to quarter one 2011 is particularly encouraging when you consider that 2011 saw the highest output from renewable energy to date. "Scotland has astounding renewable energy potential, and the Scottish government is committed to ensuring every community in Scotland benefits from the opportunities of renewable energy. "Scotland is a genuine world leader in green energy and our targets reflect the scale of our natural resources, the strength of our energy capabilities and the value we place on creating new, sustainable industries." Jenny Hogan, director of policy at Scottish Renewables, said the figures demonstrated that renewable energy was becoming an "ever important of our energy mix". She added: "Each time you boil a kettle in your home, more and more of that electricity will have been generated from a renewable source such as a wind farm. "Not only does the renewables industry now employ more than 11,000 people in Scotland, it's helping to reduce our carbon emissions, tackle climate change and insulate us from volatility in the gas market which has been responsible for the major hikes in energy bills over the last few years." WWF Scotland's head of policy Dr Dan Barlow added: "To ensure Scotland remains on track to a fully renewable future we need to see continued and rapid deployment of all forms of renewables alongside investment in energy efficiency. "Such a path will help create jobs, reduce pollution and protect households from volatile fossil fuel prices." Labour Shadow Energy Minister Tom Greatrex said: "Any increase
