Ex-England footballer Adam Johnson has lost a Court of Appeal challenge against his conviction for sexual activity with a schoolgirl.
Spanish bank Santander has reported a rise in net profit in the third quarter compared with a year ago, helped by its performance in emerging markets in Latin America.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter has recalled Gloucester centre Matt Scott to his squad ahead of the Six Nations.
The remainder of England's series against West Indies will be "sad to watch", says former England captain Michael Vaughan.
Police in Dundee are investigating whether a major fire at a Dundee toy shop was started deliberately.
Charlie Gard's parents have been told they will be able to spend more time with their terminally ill baby.
A 31-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was shot in the head in Lurgan in County Armagh.
The RSPCA is trying to find a man who was caught on CCTV kicking a cat "very hard" into the air.
The parents of a boy who was electrocuted near a rail depot have paid tribute to their "kind and thoughtful" son.
Marriage appears to be good for your health, boosting your survival chances if you have a major heart risk factor such as high cholesterol, say researchers.
"It's so important not to forget but remembering brings all the memories flooding back," said Silene Fredriksz, as relatives came from across the world to mark the first official monument in the Netherlands to those who died on flight MH17.
A prison officer killed herself after being sacked for watching a Rugby World Cup match while on sick leave, an inquest has heard.
US astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko have touched down on Earth after almost a year in space.
Former Argentina and Fiorentina striker Gabriel Batistuta has revealed he struggles to walk after his 17 years in football.
Public service bodies are failing to learn lessons because of complaints being handled in an inadequate way, the ombudsman has said.
A football fan has won more than £45,000 after Everton's thrilling last-gasp victory at West Brom.
Leeds United manager Garry Monk has blamed Charlie Taylor's withdrawal from the squad at Wigan on Sunday on the defender's advisors.
The number of elephants in the world is in decline.
Bristol City Women have signed Belgium striker Yana Daniels from Anderlecht.
Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill will begin the build-up to Rio 2016 by competing in the javelin at the Loughborough International Athletics match on Sunday.
A Banksy mural on the wall of a Cheltenham house could be listed under a bid being submitted to the council.
Six police officers have been wounded after two bombs went off in Cairo, the Egyptian health ministry says.
Essex will not replace injured New Zealand international fast bowler Adam Milne in their T20 Blast squad.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers cannot believe Scott Brown is absent from the nomination list for the PFA Scotland player of the year award.
For a nation that has lost more than 70,000 people in 13 years to terror attacks, it is not easy to talk of watersheds.
Laurent Frayssinous has been appointed the head coach of Catalan Dragons on a two-year contract, and becomes the youngest team boss in Super League.
A judge in Texas has put the kibosh on a last-minute legal attempt to block the controversial decision for the US to give up control of one of the key systems that powers the internet.
Labour's environment spokeswoman says she will approach her new job with an "open mind" despite her strong views on meat consumption and farming.
Heavy snowfall has created a huge traffic jam on a major motorway in Russia, trapping thousands of vehicles.
The owner of a security firm hired by Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf business has been jailed for four years over a £400,000 VAT fraud.
Counterfeit cigarettes and tobacco are being advertised and sold through Facebook, an investigation has found.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has called off a sit-in protest in the city centre which was sparked by a row over who controls Delhi's police force.
India's most famous tiger, 19-year-old Machli, has died, officials say.
Five Premier League clubs were among those to benefit most financially from sending their players to Euro 2016.
Rory McIlroy is taking nothing for granted despite carrying a six-shot lead into the final round of the Open at Royal Liverpool.
A 96-year-old who wrote a song for his late wife has made the US iTunes top 10, alongside Katy Perry and Lady Gaga.
Burundi's opposition has rejected a proposal by the electoral commission to hold presidential polls on 15 July.
An Indian postal worker who was accused of stealing less than $1 in 1984, has been cleared by a court after nearly 350 court hearings over 29 years.
Past midnight on Monday in Mallaig: a boat docks with a cargo of live salmon.
A drive is under way to protect the future of Snowdon following a rise in visitors to the mountain.
After 146 years, America's most celebrated circus Ringling Bros and Barnum & Bailey Circus has staged its final performance in New York.
Workers employed at Gatwick Airport to help passengers with reduced mobility are to vote on strike action in a row over pay.
The Scottish government has been urged to confirm when the new Forth bridge will open.
Manchester United "are not ready to be a dominant force" and fans should forget about a return to the days of Sir Alex Ferguson, manager Jose Mourinho has told BBC Sport.
A young Polish woman has described how she was forced to eat rubbish from bins while she was pregnant after being trafficked to the UK.
League One club Bury have signed Jamaica international winger Chris Humphrey on a one-year deal.
At least five civilians were killed as India and Pakistan exchanged fire in the disputed Kashmir region, days after a meeting between leaders of the two countries in Russia.
The man who brought Daniel Sturridge through the ranks at Manchester City hopes to finally see the striker fulfil his potential at new club Liverpool.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton denies his side are enduring a slump in form, and said their recent goal-scoring record is down to tougher defences.
James Anderson said he was relieved and proud to have overtaken Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket-taker.
A man accused of trying to kill a Flintshire shopkeeper in a robbery has admitted a wounding charge.
Across the Ethiopian countryside 2,000km (1,243 miles) of railway is being built, the first phase of an endeavour to create a new 5,000km network.
Wilko Johnson says he has found it "difficult" coming to terms with still being alive after being told he had terminal cancer.
A man who says he is allergic to electricity should not have had his payments from Cardiff council refused, a judge has ruled.
The SDLP's Nichola Mallon has become the new lord mayor of Belfast, succeeding Sinn Féin's Máirtín Ó Muilleoir.
YouTube has denied making changes to its algorithms, after its most popular star said he would delete his channel.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty won gold in the men's 100m breaststroke final at the European Championships in London.
Two fans who died at Hillsborough had wanted to leave a tunnel leading to fenced enclosures but could not because of the crowd, the inquests have heard.
South Korea's pension fund head has been arrested in a probe into alleged corruption involving electronic firm Samsung and the country's president.
US officials are checking reports that an American member of the so-called "Islamic State" group (IS) has been held in northern Iraq.
David Cameron has been challenged to say whether a project to electrify rail lines between London and Swansea will be completed by 2018.
A test for the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) is to be included within the Isle of Man's cervical cancer screening programme, says the health department.
Aston Villa chief executive Tom Fox has stepped down with immediate effect.
The head of a key US congressional investigation into alleged Russian hacking has temporarily stepped down amid an ethics inquiry into him.
A group of parents whose children have special needs is threatening legal action against an academy school in Trafford after accusing it of "discrimination".
Five of Lance Armstrong's former team-mates have received six-month doping bans from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (Usada).
UK retail sales volumes rose strongly in April despite lower spring clothing sales due to the cold weather, official figures show.
In Hard Choices, Hillary Clinton is coy about her marriage and other personal matters - but forthright about the role she played in Benghazi.
Police have released the name of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in West Dunbartonshire.
Former pop star Gary Glitter has been jailed for a total of 16 years for sexually abusing three young girls between 1975 and 1980.
Profits at Sir Philip Green's retail empire, which includes High Street fashion chain Topshop, plummeted by 79% last year.
Re-laying a pavement in Dunster, Somerset, where cobble stones were removed, could cost £60,000.
An inquest jury has criticised the Metropolitan Police for failing to send officers to a funeral where a young mourner was shot dead in 2011.
A British student has become the youngest person to row solo across an ocean.
Taking fish oil while pregnant does not improve the brain development of babies, new research has found.
An investigation into sex abuse claims made against the former Speaker of the House of Commons Viscount Tonypandy has ended.
The banks and financial regulators should do more to tackle the vicious cycle of debt and overcharging, says a Lords committee.
Shares in Japanese electronics firm Sharp have fallen by 6.5% on concerns a delayed takeover deal with Taiwan's Foxconn may fall apart.
Researchers from Swansea University have joined forces with a Ceredigion food company to find new uses for shellfish waste.
A restored World War II Spitfire that saw service in the Battle of Britain has gone on public show in Dumfries.
Israel has approved the construction of 285 new homes at Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank, according to the settlement watchdog Peace Now.
Nine thousand images are to be inspected in the case of a Londonderry man charged with committing terrorist offences in the Middle East.
The world's largest dairy producer, Fonterra, said it plans to cut 523 jobs in the face of tumbling dairy prices.
A close ally of France's new president is facing accusations over a property deal involving his partner.
The village of Exeter lies 89 miles south-west of Sydney and according to the most recent census had 831 inhabitants.
Net migration has stayed near record levels, standing at 335,000 in the year to June, the Office for National Statistics has said.
More than half of Wales' street lights are switched off or dimmed at night, data gleaned from councils has found.
Indian police have arrested two suspected snake venom smugglers in the western state of Maharashtra.
England are one win away from a place in the European Under-21 Championship semi-finals after coming from behind to beat Slovakia on Monday.
A career-best 124 from wicketkeeper Ben Cox helped Worcestershire recover from a precarious position on day two against Gloucestershire.
A senior researcher has accused the UK government of using "fake science" to justify its policy of culling badgers to control cattle TB.
On the Andrew Marr Show, David Cameron talked about the effects of leaving the European Union.
The regular use of Caesarean sections is having an impact on human evolution, say scientists.
An Indian woman has named her baby "Uber" after giving birth in a car belonging to the taxi aggregation service.
Police in the US state of Missouri are searching for arsonist who set fire to seven churches in the St Louis area in the past two weeks.
Police officers in Scotland's capital city, Edinburgh, have taken on the Running Man Challenge.
Nick Kyrgios secured the Hopman Cup for Australia Green by beating Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3 6-4 to give his team a 2-0 victory over Ukraine in Perth.
Kent were denied their second win of the season as Gloucestershire held on for a nervy draw at Canterbury.
Aurigny could have debts of more than £25m paid off by Guernsey's government.
A 16-year-old pupil has died after being stabbed at an Aberdeen school.
The Danish director of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo has questioned why an English-language version is being made of Stieg Larsson's best-selling novel.
Australia batsman David Warner has apologised for punching England's Joe Root in the face in a Birmingham bar.
Security concerns have been raised about plans to carry out major servicing work on the UK's new F-35 fighter jets in Turkey.
Widnes Vikings produced a superb defensive display to beat Wigan and leave Warriors still waiting to confirm their Super League play-off place.
Water companies have pocketed an £800m windfall because of poor regulation, the spending watchdog has said.
Theatre directors have confirmed a show will go on despite the death of its star, the actor Tim Pigott-Smith.
Kenya and Ethiopia have signed a UN-backed trade deal worth $200m (Â£130m) in a bid to ease cross-border conflict.
A judge in Brazil has issued an order preventing US swimmers Ryan Lochte and James Feigen from leaving the country after police queried their evidence in a robbery case.
Tan Arulampalam, consultant colorectal and general surgeon, let the BBC follow him on a weekend shift at Colchester General Hospital, where he's been a consultant for 12 years - and he gives his personal view on the plan to make the NHS a seven-day operation.
Ben Proud claimed his fourth British record of the ASA National Winter Meet on the final day in Sheffield.
A man has denied brandishing a plastic gun and a knife near two schools.
Large ocean waves can travel through sea ice for hundreds of kilometres before their oscillations are finally dampened, scientists have shown.
Oldham have signed striker Aaron Amadi-Holloway on loan from League Two side Wycombe for the rest of the season.
Public hearings at the Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry (HIA) come to an end on Friday after two and a half years.
National League side Maidstone have signed striker Joe Pigott on a one-year deal following his release by League Two club Cambridge.
Chinese Super League clubs face a 100% tax on signings as their mid-season transfer window opens on Monday.
India spinner Ravichandran Ashwin has been named the International Cricket Council's world player of the year.
"Prophets of doom" and "independence mongers" are taking a "warped view" of the Brexit vote, Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said.
A senior researcher has accused the UK government of using "fake science" to justify its policy of culling badgers to control cattle TB.
It may take almost two years to fix "inadequate" children's services in a city that has failed to protect some vulnerable children, a new report says.
A boy arrested in Northern Ireland over a cyber-attack on TalkTalk is suing three national newspapers for an alleged breach of privacy.
An Australian man, 88, has had his Porsche impounded after being charged with reckless driving, police say.
A former South Yorkshire Police press officer claimed she was asked to "spin" news during the Hillsborough inquests, the BBC can reveal.
Manchester United are interested in signing Bayern Munich midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger and Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos.
A beached minke whale that was stranded in County Kerry in the Republic of Ireland has been helped back to safety.
A pensioner has been jailed for seven years for raping an 11-year-old girl and attempting to rape a 10-year-old more than 30 years ago.
A referendum still needs to be held before income tax powers are devolved to Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has told MPs.
Two men and a woman have appeared in court after heroin with an estimated value of about £250,000 was recovered in Falkirk.
One of the UK's leading scientists says Michael Gove's attack on experts during the EU referendum risked undermining science and scientific evidence.
England's hopes of defending their EuroHockey title were thwarted at the semi-final stage as Marloes Keetels' strike sent hosts Netherlands through.
A group that wants lower immigration has forecast if Britain votes to remain in the EU, net migration will exceed 250,000 a year for at least 20 years.
We were always told to not play with our food, but these two brothers from China clearly never listened!
Former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley has announced his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Goals from Sergi Canos and Lasse Vibe helped Brentford end Bristol City's four-game unbeaten streak.
Turkey has voted in a general election which will determine whether the ruling party can change the constitution.
A gun that is believed to have been used to shoot a mother and her seven-year-old son has been seized by police.
Young people should be forced to vote in the first election after they turn 18, a centre-left think tank has said.
Sometimes living in Wales it is too easy to look around and conclude there are simply "rich" areas and "poor" areas.
The leader of the Scottish Labour Party has called the idea of a Conservative-Labour coalition "ludicrous".
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has indicated that UK interest rates could rise "at the turn of this year".
This year's Oscars "class photo" has been released - and as usual there are several quirks and questionable outfits.
Boss Roy Hodgson wants to resurrect plans for a winter meeting for his England squad - an idea previously vetoed by Premier League clubs.
Chinese women are increasingly taking to social media to speak out against sexual harassment.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the country is "sick of being lectured" by the UN over its treatment of asylum seekers.
Hollywood film Warcraft will come to China next month, in what is the culmination of a decade-long love affair between the world's most populous country and one of the most popular online games of all time, writes the BBC's Tessa Wong.
More than 800 roads in Surrey are to be given "pothole proof" coatings over the next three years in an initiative to overhaul more than 300 miles of road.
Manchester United will not win a trophy this season, and the man heralded as the "Chosen One" on a banner in the Stretford End has made too many poor choices of his own.
South Africa completed the second-highest run chase in one-day international history as they beat Australia by four wickets in Durban.
Sinn Fein's Paul Maskey has been elected as the new MP for West Belfast.
London Irish captain Luke Narraway says improving their accuracy is the missing piece to their Premiership survival.
The Amateur Swimming Association (ASA) has been rebranded Swim England as part of a four-year strategy to strengthen the sport and boost participation.
Model railway enthusiasts and volunteers are being sought for an ambitious plan to lay a model railway track along Scotland's Great Glen.
US chipmaker Intel has reported bumper profits in what it describes as its "best" quarterly results.
WBA heavyweight champion Lucas Browne says he is "shocked and devastated" after failing a drugs test.
Two people have been arrested after a three-month-old boy was taken to hospital with a bleed to the brain.
Slovenia must match Scotland's aggression if they are to take three points from Hampden, according to head coach, Srecko Katanec.
Defending champions Hull FC defeated Super League leaders Castleford Tigers to reach the Challenge Cup semi-finals.
Nigeria's security agency says it has seized $800,000 (Â£645,200) in cash in raids targeting senior judges suspected of corruption.
Two men have gone on trial accused of a string of sexual offences involving underage girls in Essex.
Sunderland say they will not be signing Yann M'Vila in January after being told the French midfielder no longer wants to re-join the Premier League club.
The grandfather of a four-year-old boy who was killed in an accident at their family-run brewery has said he will be "missed more than words can express".
This may look like a meerkat on first glance but it's actually an undercover spy camera used to film meerkats in their natural habitat.
A Cambridgeshire police officer has been sentenced for an offence under the Computer Misuse Act.
David Cameron said in a speech last November that he wanted to see an ethnic minority prime minister to prove "Britons of all backgrounds can achieve".
BP has lost a second attempt to suspend compensation payments over the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil rig disaster.
The WI's Calendar Girls have met the Duchess of Cornwall as she hosted a garden party to celebrate the institution's centenary year.
A change in housing benefit rules, introduced in April 2013, has been dubbed the "bedroom tax" by Labour and, for many, the name has stuck.
Prince Henrik of Denmark will not be buried next to his wife Queen Margrethe, royal officials say, with the prince unhappy at never being designated her equal.
A pristine paradise - these are not words you often hear to describe the Niger Delta in southern Nigeria.
A primary school head teacher has spoken of her shock after a teacher at her school was found stabbed to death.
A Cairo court has ordered forced virginity tests on female detainees in military prisons to be stopped.
The US has announced that it has killed a number of leading Islamic State (IS) militants in the past week, including the purported second-in-command.
Chelsea will begin their title defence at home to Burnley when the 2017-18 Premier League season kicks off on the weekend of 12-13 August.
Seven years on from the disappearance of Claudia Lawrence, her mother has said she thinks she is alive and "being held somewhere against her will".
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Peterborough United forward Shaquile Coulthirst on loan until the end of the season.
Two companies have been announced as the combined preferred bidder to operate a £91m arena in Bristol.
Iron Maiden frontman Bruce Dickinson has said he is healing well since being treated for cancer earlier this year.
Outgoing Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he will not return to football - even if his six-year ban is overturned.
Plaid Cymru's Dafydd Llywelyn has been elected Dyfed-Powys police and crime commissioner.
Everton have completed the signing of 17-year-old Bury defender Matthew Foulds for an undisclosed fee.
London Welsh are "extremely disappointed" by the Rugby Football Union's decision to expel them from the Championship and the professional game.
A County Tyrone woman who won £27m in the Euromillions draw in 2013 has been ordered to complete 150 hours of community service after pleading guilty to assaulting a taxi driver.
More often than not, there is a PE teacher in school who takes their classes so seriously it almost feels like students are being worked like genuine athletes.
So two more questions about the ramifications of the IMF's trenchant opposition to the current planned structure of a Greek rescue.
Jeremy Corbyn has said it is wrong to blame "an entire ethnic community" for child abuse after one of his frontbench team quit over a press article.
A primary school head teacher has spoken of her shock after a teacher at her school was found stabbed to death.
A DUP MLA has offered to let reporters see her bank statements to prove she is not benefiting financially from the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) Scheme.
Aircraft maker Boeing is to pay a $12m (£8m) fine for "multiple pending and potential enforcement cases", the US air regulator has said.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen says Wales are a "dangerous beast" ahead of Saturday's first test in Auckland.
Tesla founder and chief executive Elon Musk says pre-orders of the firm's much-anticipated Model 3 electric car currently total 276,000.
Connacht centre Bundee Aki has been banned for three matches after admitting a charge of misconduct.
Michael Jackson's brother Jermaine has called for an end to the Jackson family feud over the late pop star's estate.
Dog skin boots and perfume containing urine were among a range of fake goods seized by Police Scotland.
More than 80% of people living and working in the Anfield area of Liverpool are backing plans for a £260m regeneration, according to a survey.
The man hoping to unseat the leader of the UK's largest trade union has dismissed claims he is part of a plot to undermine Jeremy Corbyn.
Wigan Athletic have announced that four players will leave the club when their contracts expire during the summer.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill has said his side are "far from a crisis point" but need to get their "mindset and attitude right".
Four London 2012 Olympic weightlifting champions have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
UK retail sales posted a 1.4% rise in February from the previous month, but there are signs that higher fuel prices have begun to hit shoppers' pockets.
A legal challenge over the election of Liberal Democrat Alistair Carmichael as Orkney and Shetland MP should be dismissed, his QC has claimed.
The Brazilian government has met to reassess security measures ahead of next month's Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Chester midfielder Tom Shaw has been appointed player-assistant manager at the National League side after signing a new contract at Bumpers Lane.
Forfar Athletic chairman Alastair Donald has conceded he has no solution to the recent spate in flares and smoke bombs being thrown by supporters.
Police are hunting three men who broke into flats providing shelter for the homeless and carried out a series of assaults.
One of four rowers rescued from the Pacific said extreme weather conditions had exposed weaknesses in their boat.
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz has announced Carly Fiorina as his running mate, calling her a "consistent, courageous fighter".
The UN peacekeeping mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo has been given a week to fly hundreds of South Sudanese fighters out of the country.
New affordability checks have only put a "gentle dampener" on the UK mortgage market during their first months of operation, lenders say.
Bushmills whiskey has been acquired by the world's biggest tequila producer.
A memorial to three Scottish soldiers who were murdered by the IRA has been attacked for a 19th time, the Royal British Legion has said.
South African photographer Justin Dingwall's portrait series Albus explores the aesthetics of albinism and perceptions of beauty.
Reducing the higher rate of income tax in Wales would raise additional revenue by attracting high earners, according to research by Cardiff Business School.
Anna Chapman, one of the Russian spies deported from the United States, has been deprived of her British citizenship, the BBC understands.
The US army private serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking classified documents has thanked President Barack Obama for shortening her sentence.
At first glance, Erliban village appears to be covered in rubbish.
The funeral mass has taken place of teenager Rhys Jack who drowned in a quarry in Strabane last week.
Jonathan Obika's last-minute equaliser kept Swindon's League One survival hopes alive by securing draw with MK Dons.
Private schools will offer to provide up to 10,000 free places a year to low-income families in England.
England were denied the chance to press for a series whitewash over Sri Lanka as rain ruined the final day of the third Test at Lord's.
A man who battered his girlfriend's five-year-old son to death in a London park for losing a trainer has been jailed for life.
Mario Balotelli scored as Nice beat nine-man Paris St-Germain to leave Monaco firmly in the driving seat for their first Ligue 1 title for 17 years.
It was surviving a brush with adversity that allowed Anisa Telwar's business to really grow.
The Health and Social Care Board (HSCB) has written to GPs advising what action they should take if any of their patients experience problems after vaginal mesh surgery.
Former BP chief executive Lord Browne has warned North Sea oil operators' costs must fall in order for them to compete globally.
Strictly Come Dancing is an "admirable" example of where the BBC took a risk on a show that was not guaranteed to be a hit, the culture secretary has said.
Cycling events at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics will be held 75 miles away from the city as part of a £1.2bn programme of cuts.
A computer hacker who masterminded global online attacks from his bedroom has had his prison sentence reduced.
Technology companies could face fines of up to 4% of their global annual turnover under new European rules on data protection.
Whether it be housewives left to clear up the mess of their families, fathers freaking out when mummy leaves them holding the baby, or children picking "boys" or "girls" toys, the way men and women are portrayed in advertising can often lead to complaints.
Eight masked gunmen in Peru have robbed tourists enjoying a luxury riverboat cruise on the Amazon.
Stevenage have signed Finland goalkeeper Jesse Joronen on a six-month loan from Championship side Fulham.
Michael Russell has been appointed as the Scottish government's new minister with responsibility for Brexit negotiations with the UK government.
The cost of a cuppa will have to rise, according to the boss of Typhoo.
King Henry V's rarely seen Crystal Sceptre is going on public display at the Guildhall in London.
A Manchester-based company that pretended it was linked to Google has been closed following an investigation by the UK's Insolvency Service.
Lord Bilimoria speaks openly and honestly about the difficulties his company Cobra Beer faced back in 2008.
The US media have given their verdict on who won the first debate - with most awarding victory to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
Organisers of the Big Burns Supper say they have "listened to their audience" by bringing back the Spiegeltent venue to the Dumfries festival next year.
Pubs and restaurants are calling for the chancellor to dilute the impact of business rate rises due in April.
Comic and 30 Rock star Tracy Morgan has settled his legal case against Walmart over a crash which left him seriously injured, and killed his friend.
The appearance of woolly bollards in a Trossachs town has proved a major hit with visitors.
Many had tipped Clyde as promotion favourites last season based on their appointment of Barry Ferguson as manager, but the former Rangers midfielder has had to return to the drawing board after failing to even reach the play-offs.
Court documents have revealed aggressive sales tactics employed by staff at Donald Trump's now defunct investment school.
Hungarians are commemorating the anniversary of their 1956 revolution against Soviet rule but many senior figures in the ruling Fidesz party believe Prime Minister Viktor Orban is steering the country back to its authoritarian past.
Leinster prop Cian Healy is available for Saturday's game with Toulon after it was ruled he can play until his appeal against a two-game ban is heard.
A man accused of arranging his wife's killing on their honeymoon is expected to be extradited to South Africa later.
A petition to reject the controversial nominee for Philippine ambassador to the UN has reached more than 10,000 signatures, after he was seen using anti-Semitic language on Twitter.
All 24 council tower blocks in Sheffield will be fitted with sprinkler systems following the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Police in Victoria are investigating suspicious fires at three Melbourne churches where paedophile priests have served in the past.
Fifty workers at a Londonderry waste firm have lost their jobs.
Northumbria Police has named two people who died in a crash in Northumberland on Wednesday.
The Conservatives have held nearly all constituencies in Kent, where sitting MPs including cabinet member Greg Clark have kept their seats.
Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi has said "all options are open" to deal with any threat to his country's water supply posed by an Ethiopian dam.
The death toll from wildfires across the US state of Tennessee has risen to 11 as search and rescue continues.
The US media have given their verdict on who won the second presidential debate after Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton engaged in attack and counter-attack.
Ebbsfleet salvaged a late draw at Maidenhead to extend their unbeaten run to 31 league games.
Supporters and shareholders of Portsmouth have been presented with the terms of a takeover offer from ex-Walt Disney chief executive Michael Eisner.
Reality Check has been answering your questions throughout the referendum campaign - here are some of the issues that listeners to Radio 4's PM programme raised.
The Ulster Unionist Party is to have talks with the Democratic Unionists about an electoral pact in the "next few days", Tom Elliott has said.
Irish airline Ryanair has reported a big increase in full-year profits.
The winning design for Scotland's baby boxes has been revealed.
Labour has made two gains in Lancashire taking one seat from the Conservatives and another from the Liberal Democrats.
Hong Kong-based airline Cathay Pacific has announced a ban on shipments of shark fin in a move that has been welcomed by conservationists.
Police in Victoria are investigating suspicious fires at three Melbourne churches where paedophile priests have served in the past.
A man has been found dead at a house in Glenrothes, Fife.
The BBC has extensive live athletics coverage across TV, desktop, mobile, tablet and app.
The first minister has warned that leaving the EU could cost the Scottish economy billions of pounds.
The father of Shafilea Ahmed has told a court he was not responsible for her death.
PSNI Chief Constable George Hamilton has apologised to residents in the Short Strand area of Belfast over the handling of the union flag protests.
Teenage cyclo-cross rider Ffion James hopes to impress at the World Championships in Luxembourg on Saturday.
Ospreys centre Josh Matavesi has been cited for an alleged dangerous tackle during Boxing Day's 27-26 Pro12 win at Scarlets in the west Wales derby.
Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May have clashed in the Commons over government plans to expand grammar schools.
Nearly 1,000 drivers were wrongly sent speeding notices after a temporary limit on a north Wales road was not lifted, figures have shown.
Rush hour travellers have had a "nightmare Monday" commute across London after a series of unrelated rail and Tube train delays.
A sinkhole has opened up outside the Dad's Army Museum in Norfolk.
The mother of a Briton accused of trying to shoot and kill Donald Trump has been given permission to visit him in custody in the United States.
Russia's "gay propaganda" law is discriminatory and encourages homophobia, the European Court of Human Rights has ruled.
Around the world, Sri Lanka's diaspora Tamils are meeting to mark Maveerar Naal (Heroes' Day) and remember those who died during the failed insurgency.
A blood test can more than halve the number of people admitted to hospital with a suspected heart attack, say doctors.
The beauty of Northern Ireland's north coast made Portrush the go-to choice for family holidays for decades.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and opening batsman Alex Hales have opted out of October's tour of Bangladesh because of security concerns.
The European Commission has issued new guidelines for the labelling of some products made in Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian and Syrian land.
About 10 million of us have been tuning in to BBC One's Planet Earth II every Sunday for the past six weeks.
The Scottish Professional Football League is considering the use of facial recognition technology at stadiums to help combat anti-social behaviour.
An elderly lion who was attacked by lionesses at a Merseyside safari park has died as a result of his injuries.
Many Clouds won the 2015 Grand National to give jockey Leighton Aspell his second consecutive victory in the race.
Coal, the dirtiest and most polluting of all the major fossil fuels, is making a comeback.
Moises Henriques has been released from hospital following the on-field collision with Surrey team-mate Rory Burns that left him with a broken jaw.
Vigilantes in a Mexican village have seized the mother of a local gang leader and proposed swapping her for a kidnap victim taken on Monday.
Queen's University, Belfast (QUB) has fallen 12 places in the latest global university rankings.
A man and his uncle have received life sentences after being found guilty of shooting dead a teenager in south London to "teach him a lesson".
The UN is planning to air drop food and other aid to a Syrian city besieged by the so-called Islamic State (IS), officials have said.
Since last week's election upset, rumours have been swirling over whether newly appointed President-elect Donald Trump will leave his $100m (Â£80m) New York penthouse for the White House.
A Briton fighting in Syria "turned the gun on himself" to avoid being taken prisoner by so-called Islamic State, Kurdish sources have told the BBC.
A fire station in Northumberland is facing closure amid £500k budget cuts.
Barack Obama may not get quite the rapturous welcome he did when he visited Kenya as a senator back in 2006, but his presence in his ancestral home is something of a coup for the Kenyan leadership, and he is expected to be warmly received.
An "excessively rare" Saxon gold coin that was discovered near a Wiltshire village has been sold for £21,600.
They need a lot of luggage, plenty of in-flight attention and like many long-haul travellers, a good companion by their side.
The creator of an app that posted spam to peoples' Instagram accounts has said he made "a terrible mistake".
MSPs have given widely differing views of the impact in south west Scotland of new wild salmon stock protection rules.
Police are attempting to trace two children who have been missing from the Irvine area of North Ayrshire.
The team removing coins from the Jersey Celtic hoard have gathered more than in any other British hoard to date.
"Should the UK remain a member of the EU?"
The Mount Etna Volcano in Italy has erupted.
New boss Marco Silva guided Hull City to victory in his first Premier League match as the Tigers moved off the foot of the table with an impressive performance against Bournemouth.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has moved to a new part of the Indian Ocean due to a "credible lead".
Wydad Casablanca of Morocco travel to face Zesco United of Zambia on Wednesday to decide who tops Group A of the African Champions League.
Kidderminster scored three first-half goals to beat Macclesfield and make it three league wins in succession.
Milkybars are about to get milkier, as the recipe changes for the first time in 81 years.
The imam of China's largest mosque - in the city of Kashgar in Xinjiang - has been killed in what appears to be a targeted assassination.
A dairy industry leader in Wales has called for more fairness in the supply chain following a dramatic drop in the price farmers get for their milk.
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed midfielder Jake Forster-Caskey from Brighton for an undisclosed fee.
The UK's only ferry link to Scandinavia is to close for good, marking the "the end of an era", its operator says.
Allowing 16-year-olds to vote will make them more vulnerable to sexual abuse, an MP has said.
Some of BBC Radio Cymru's first presenters will return to the station on Tuesday for its 40th anniversary.
The UK's first woman jumbo jet pilot has retired after landing at Gatwick Airport for the last time.
Kelly Brown and John Barclay are among Scotland's best players and should be in the squad for the Six Nations, according to former captain Andy Nicol.
The new opposition-controlled National Assembly in Venezuela plans to speed up moves to oust the government of Nicolas Maduro as economic woes deepen.
Gregor Townsend is to replace Vern Cotter as Scotland head coach in June 2017, Scottish Rugby has announced.
Everton winger Gerard Deulofeu has joined Italian side AC Milan on loan until the end of the season.
James McKeown saved a stoppage-time penalty to earn Grimsby a point against Luton.
A Westminster committee has called for clarity on the "unanswered questions" of Scottish independence.
Defending champion Stuart Bingham faces two-time runner-up Ali Carter in the first round of the World Championship.
Ford has said it will cancel a $1.6bn (£1.3bn) plant it planned to build in Mexico and instead extend operations at its factory in Michigan.
Work is continuing on a £100m investment to improve facilities at Aberystwyth University.
The US has criticised Israeli plans to build hundreds of new homes in existing Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.
The UK's biggest tour operator has been repeatedly fined for failing to stick to the travel industry's own code of conduct.
A medieval ship discovered on the banks of the River Usk in Newport in 2002 may have come from the Basque country in Spain.
Minouche Shafik, one of the Bank of England's deputy governors, is leaving to become the director of the London School of Economics.
Will Young says he is "absolutely dandy" after leaving Strictly Come Dancing, stressing that his early exit is "undramatic".
The programme for the 12th Inverness Film Festival has been announced.
Holders Manchester City or Arsenal will host Birmingham City in the semi-finals of this year's Women's Continental Cup.
The body of a crew member has been located in the wreckage of a rescue helicopter which crashed earlier this month, gardaÃ­ (Irish police) have confirmed.
Callum McGregor's late strike rescued a point for Celtic as they came from behind to extend their unbeaten run in domestic football to 53 games.
Masked city workers in New Orleans have removed the last of four monuments to the pro-slavery rebellion defeated in the US Civil War.
There was no growth in the Scottish economy in the first three months of this year, according to official figures.
Jean van de Velde will return to the scene of one of sport's most notorious meltdowns when he makes his debut in July's Senior Open at Carnoustie.
Liberal Democrat, some Labour and SDLP MPs have told the BBC they are prepared to vote against triggering Article 50.
Visits to the Isle of Skye could be boosted by a tourism campaign based on the film adaption of Roald Dahl's story The Big Friendly Giant.
Ikea is urging teenagers to stop creeping into its stores and having illegal sleepovers.
The producers of the James Bond films are to make a "female-driven" thriller starring Gossip Girl's Blake Lively.
A design concept which turns homes into power stations has the potential to cut household fuel bills by more than 60%, according to a report.
Miriam Gonzalez Durantez, whose husband is former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, has complained after being invited to an International Women's Day event in her married name.
The first minister has warned that leaving the EU could cost the Scottish economy billions of pounds.
A man who threw a bottle that struck a man celebrating being told he was in remission from leukaemia has been jailed.
Golden State Warriors' top scorer Kevin Durant will be out "indefinitely" after injuring his knee in his side's 112-108 loss at Washington Wizards.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged following the discovery of more than £400,000 in cash inside a lorry.
A motorcyclist from Yorkshire has been killed during the Senior Manx Grand Prix race in the Isle of Man.
A woman who was filmed shouting racist abuse on a London tram in a video watched by 11 million people has been given a community sentence.
A road on a new estate in Worcestershire could be named after the headteacher at the local school.
A police officer "deliberately lied" in a witness statement claiming a man had behaved in an "extremely abusive" way, a court has heard.
Detectives investigating the disappearance of Corrie Mckeague have started a search of a landfill site.
After a lengthy inquiry into a wave of suicides at France Telecom, the Paris prosecutor has recommended that its former chief executive and other key figures are put on trial for bullying.
Joe Hart and Raheem Sterling are set to miss England's friendlies with Germany and the Netherlands after being injured during Manchester City's derby defeat by Manchester United on Sunday.
The Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS) is hunting for at least two lions which have escaped from Nairobi National Park bordering the capital, Nairobi.
Jamila Mayanja runs a door-to-door laundry service in Uganda which helps its employees save enough money to launch their own businesses.
A Somerset hospital has declared its third "black alert" of the winter as doctors say they are dealing with the "busiest fortnight in our history".
When a group of baby geese got stuck on the roof of a university building in Canada, fast thinking staff decided to help.
More than 92% of voters in Congo-Brazzaville's controversial referendum have approved constitutional changes to allow President Denis Sassou Nguesso to run for a third term, results show.
Oil giant Shell is being sued in London for the second time in five years over spills in the Niger Delta.
What does Chancellor Philip Hammond's increasingly vocal stance on Brexit say about his intentions, his prime minister and his party?
England players will not be allowed to miss Test matches to play in the Indian Premier League, says director of cricket Andrew Strauss.
A man and a woman have denied the murder of a 21-year-old who was stabbed.
About 3,000 Palestinians are marching towards an Israeli checkpoint in Hebron, not far from Jewish settlements in the centre of the West Bank city.
The parents of a prisoner who died in obscure circumstances in Sri Lanka are locked in a battle with officials who say his body cannot be taken to his home town for the last rites.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats can "defy expectations" in the forthcoming assembly elections, the party's leader has insisted.
Photographs showing life in Kyleakin in Skye between the late 1950s and early 1970s feature in a new arts project.
Al Ahly of Egypt and Wydad Casablanca of Morocco secured their place in the African Champions League quarter-finals on Saturday as North African clubs prevailed in the final Group D matches.
The disappearance of teenager Alice Gross is now being treated by police as a murder inquiry after a body was found in a west London river.
WBA super-middleweight champion Carl Froch is set to take his first steps on the road to Hollywood stardom while he considers his future in boxing.
The Queen has acknowledged the difficulty of "staying calm and collected" in an "increasingly challenging world".
Ireland were knocked out of the World Cup by Pakistan, who qualified for the quarter-finals with a seven-wicket win.
Nintendo is facing more complaints about its new console, Switch, this time about the controllers failing to connect.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has made his appeal against the four-match ban he received for his part in 'Deflate-gate'.
A newly promoted train station cat has become a media sensation after her career advancements were followed from around the globe.
A paedophile doctor who abused young cancer victims kept one boy on as a patient for a year even though he was not ill.
"Monstrously disrespectful" thieves have wrecked and ransacked a church in Monmouthshire.
Salford Red Devils have released winger Daniel Vidot to return to Australia, with National Rugby League side Gold Coast Titans reportedly keen.
A footbridge over a motorway which partially collapsed when it was struck by a lorry will be removed at the weekend.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after hitting a sheep in Carmarthenshire.
Images of a shirtless man found wandering the streets after he suffered serious burns have been released in a bid to solve the mystery of his injuries.
Scottish External Affairs Secretary Fiona Hyslop is to travel to Japan to promote the message that Scotland is "open for business".
Sir James Dyson has said UK business success lies beyond Europe because that is where the fastest growth lies.
The Conservative Party has chosen its candidates for two by-elections.
US President Barack Obama has urged China to abide by its obligations under an international treaty in its activities in the South China Sea.
Midfielder Brad Potts has joined Championship side Barnsley from Blackpool for an undisclosed fee.
A murder inquiry has begun after the death of a woman found seriously injured in Leeds.
Welsh listeners to BBC Radio 1 and 2 should hear news bulletins about Wales at certain times of the day, according to the assembly's culture committee.
Services for people who are suicidal or self-harming are facing unprecedented demand in England, a BBC Radio 5 live investigation has found.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Australian Adrian Bayley has been jailed for the rape and murder of Irish woman Jill Meagher.
Derry City have moved up to second in the Premier Division thanks to a thumping 5-0 derby win over Finn Harps.
Plans to demolish Beatle Ringo Starr's birthplace have been approved by Liverpool City Council, despite opposition from a government minister.
Damian Barton's reign as Derry football manager appears to be over after the county's GAA board asked for nominations for the post.
The Welsh economy is "stronger, safer and better off" in the European Union, a group of top business figures says.
Tens of thousands of people have marched in Moscow and cities around the world to remember relatives who took part in World War Two.
Britain's Lee Haskins could return to Las Vegas for a big pay day after winning the IBF world bantamweight title without throwing a punch.
The Treasury jealously guards its role as keeper of the public purse.
Police have identified 181 new victims in the investigation into child sex abuse within football in the UK since April.
A Russian jury has found five ethnic Chechen men guilty of murdering leading opposition politician Boris Nemtsov.
A woman charged with beating her son to death in a church has said she "felt helpless" to prevent the violence committed by other church members.
A mystery surrounding a "banging noise" heard coming from a Greater Manchester park at night has been solved.
Hundreds of migrants have crossed from Greece into Macedonia after finding a way through the border fence.
The Maldives military says it stopped seven tourists it claims were sailing to a highly-guarded US military base in the Indian Ocean.
Premier League academy teams will be allowed to play in the EFL Trophy in a one-season trial in 2016-17.
Crime on the railways fell by 11% in Wales last year, while the number of sexual offences reported rose, new figures show.
The silver Mercedes train marches on, but the first grand prix of the 2016 Formula 1 season will be remembered as one that Ferrari threw away.
Prince William has launched an appeal to secure the future of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders Regimental Museum in Stirling.
Scientists say a lack of exercise could be killing twice as many people as obesity and are urging people to get more active.
It was a case of not being able to see the wood for the cars at one of Northern Ireland's top tourist attractions over the Easter weekend.
He is Georgia's richest man and his followers have just ousted President Mikheil Saakashvili's ruling party from power in a shock election result, so what else do we know of Bidzina Ivanishvili?
The fourth dog attack in a year on a flock of sheep in Sussex has "wiped out years of work", a farmer has said.
A rise in under-18s being reported to the police for distributing indecent images of children has raised concerns over 'sexting'.
President Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, discussed removing from the US a Muslim cleric wanted by Turkey, according to ex-CIA director James Woolsey.
A Somerset hospital has declared its third "black alert" of the winter as doctors say they are dealing with the "busiest fortnight in our history".
Scarlets coach Wayne Pivac says Wales will gain when Stephen Jones joins their coaching team next summer.
The International Olympic Committee has refused to comment on claims that the successful Tokyo Olympic bid team made a "seven-figure payment" to an account linked to the son of former world athletics chief Lamine Diack.
The US State Department has said that US and Cuban negotiators will meet next Thursday to discuss re-establishing embassies in each other's capitals.
Scientists in Peru have managed to reconstruct the face of a powerful ancient female leader using 3D printing.
After the deadly tram crash in Croydon earlier this week, industry experts have stressed that it remains one of the safest forms of public transport and advised against "panicking" by hastily imposing new precautions.
A sex attacker who cut his own throat in the dock at Haverfordwest Magistrates' Court has been arrested.
A former police officer's debut novel has won the Â£3,000 main prize at one of the UK's top crime-writing festivals.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has revealed former boss Sir Alex Ferguson has been back to the club's Carrington training ground several times this season.
Nicole Kidman has finally revealed why she appeared to be clapping like a seal at this year's Oscars ceremony.
Jeremy Corbyn's future will form part of discussions around the fall out of the Copeland by-election, Labour's shadow defence secretary has said.
Northern Ireland needs to act now to prepare for the effects of climate change, a senior government adviser has warned.
Rangers and Falkirk splashed the cash, but it was promotion rivals Hibernian who stole the headlines during January with the capture of Anthony Stokes on loan from Celtic.
Aberdeen City Council has said it did not plan to reprint thousands of polling cards which contain a prominent spelling error.
Players have criticised the European Tour's decision to suspend round two of the Dubai Desert Classic in Abu Dhabi.
A pair of sloths at an East Sussex zoo failed to breed after it emerged that they were both in fact males.
French President Francois Hollande's visit to Moscow comes at a time of fast-shifting diplomatic alignments and priorities, triggered by the spread of Islamic State (IS) terror.
Social media was captivated by a 150-year-old wedding dress that had been lost after a dry cleaners went bust.
The cost of renting a home rose by 4.6% in the year to the end of April, the fastest rise since November 2010, property group LSL has said.
A son cleared of killing his mother has spoken of his relief, saying: "Who wants the stigma of being known as 'the bloke who kills their mum?'"
League Two side Notts County have signed Alex Rodman following the winger's departure from Newport County.
Manchester City are out of the Premier League title race after a 4-0 loss to Everton at Goodison Park, according to manager Pep Guardiola.
Scientists from Aberystwyth and Leeds have joined forces to learn how glaciers behaved in the past so they can predict the future.
Credit ratings are used by lenders when deciding whether to accept an application for credit.
Police say they have no power to remove an illegal encampment in Bournemouth, despite calls for them to act.
I have been involved in some incident-packed match days and seen most things during close to 12 and a half years at Wycombe Wanderers, but breaking my arm while scoring in Saturday's game at York City was a new one - even for me.
An MP has criticised "the level of misinformation" about a referendum on an elected mayor for Bath and North East Somerset.
Megan Giglia, who won Britain's first gold medal at the Rio Paralympics, says sport gave her something to live for after she suffered a stroke and a brain haemorrhage aged 27.
India will build 10 heavy water reactors to boost its nuclear power capacity, the government has announced.
Police have said the death of a man found in a car parked in a lay-by on the A75 is being treated as "unexplained".
A woman has been charged with wounding with intent after a man was stabbed at a house in a Lincolnshire market town on New Year's Day.
Nearly 1,000 drivers were wrongly sent speeding notices after a temporary limit on a north Wales road was not lifted, figures have shown.
A contractor supplying concrete for Oxford's new shopping centre has been criticised for breaching an agreement not to drive lorries through a village.
A US treasure hunter - who spent years evading authorities - will go to prison rather than testify about gold he discovered in a historic shipwreck.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a teenager shot and killed outside a barber's shop in Leeds.
Officials in Kabul say police killed four Taliban suicide bombers during an attack on a compound housing foreign workers in the Afghan capital.
South Africa bowler Vernon Philander could miss the start of next month's Test series with England after injuring his ankle in a warm-up football game.
Kidderminster scored three first-half goals to beat Macclesfield and make it three league wins in succession.
Spanish prosecutors have called for Brazil and Barcelona football star Neymar to be tried for fraud.
Manager Jose Mourinho believes he will be given time to turn around Chelsea's fortunes after Liverpool fought back from a goal down to inflict a sixth Premier League defeat this season.
Work is continuing on a £100m investment to improve facilities at Aberystwyth University.
The Rev Sun Myung Moon founded the Unification Church, regarded by its critics as a dangerous cult.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has urged Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump to apologise to a Muslim protester ejected from one of his rallies.
Cyclist Daan Myngheer, 22, has died in hospital after suffering a heart attack during the first stage of the Criterium International in Corsica.
Anthony Stewart scored an injury-time winner against Grimsby to earn Wycombe Wanderers their first victory since March.
Uber has fired more than 20 people, and is taking other actions against staff, after a harassment investigation.
Boss Roy Hodgson wants to resurrect plans for a winter meeting for his England squad - an idea previously vetoed by Premier League clubs.
Lydia Ko won the Canadian Women's Open to become the youngest tournament winner in LPGA Tour history.
David Moyes thinks the Scottish FA did the right thing by retaining Gordon Strachan as national head coach.
Kenya's winner of the 2012 Boston Marathon, Wesley Korir, who came fifth this year, has told the BBC of his fear after hearing of the deadly blasts.
Police and nature groups are examining a video purporting to show an osprey attempting to nest near the proposed T in the Park site at Strathallan Castle.
Three of the UK's top tea brands have stopped buying from a group of Indian plantations after a BBC investigation exposed dangerous working conditions.
Justin Thomas' thrilling victory at the US PGA Championship brought down the curtain on a remarkable year in golf's majors.
Visitor numbers to Northern Ireland hit an all-time high in 2015, according to new tourism statistics.
Mae amseroedd aros yn parhau'n hirach o fewn y Gwasanaeth Iechyd Gwladol yng Nghymru o'i gymharu â Lloegr yn y categorïau allweddol ar gyfer diagnosis a thriniaethau.
Firefighters have extinguished a blaze at Japan's famous Tsukiji fish market - the largest in the world and a top tourist attraction.
More than 63,000 people have signed a petition against what they say is the privatisation of cancer care in Staffordshire.
Holywood runner Paul Pollock has been selected in the three-man Irish marathon team for the Olympic Games.
Durham's relegation to Division Two of the County Championship is a warning to others but the England and Wales Cricket Board is also at fault, says former England captain Michael Vaughan.
A man who raped a woman in a Newcastle park is being sought by police.
Police in Bangladesh say they have arrested 11 people over an arson attack on a village in an Indian enclave inside Bangladeshi territory.
Essex have signed New Zealand A fast bowler Matt Quinn on a three-year deal.
Seven prison officers and one prisoner were taken to hospital after "disorder" at a young offender institution, police have said.
A dog sentenced to death after eating his owner's body has been given a stay of execution after a judge granted a judicial review.
Drivers are being put in "very real danger" by youths throwing so-called muck bombs in Derry, says a local councillor.
The cost of renting a home rose by 4.6% in the year to the end of April, the fastest rise since November 2010, property group LSL has said.
A judge has dismissed an an appeal by a County Tyrone hotel that it did not breach licensing laws.
Italy's new Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has proposed a sweeping package of tax cuts, in a bid to revive the country's economy.
A nursery worker intentionally hung a one-year-old child in her care, police say.
A non-native species of salmon has been found in rivers along the west coast of Ireland, causing concern among Irish fishing authorities.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering an 18-year-old man in the Moss Side area of Manchester.
If Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho thought he was having a bad time, he should spare a thought for New Mills.
A painting by "Pitman painter" Norman Cornish has been discovered being used as a bath panel in his former home.
A six-year-old schoolgirl has allegedly been raped by two staff members at a prominent school in the southern Indian city of Bangalore, police say.
Chinese women are increasingly taking to social media to speak out against sexual harassment.
Orangutans use their hands to alter their voices and make themselves sound bigger, say scientists.
Brain scans show that skipping breakfast makes fatty, high calorie foods appear far more attractive later in the day, according to researchers.
Mexico will compensate China Railway Construction Corporation (CRCC) $1.31m (£835,953) for cancelling a $3.75bn high-speed rail contract.
The eastern Caribbean nation of Barbados was historically heavily dependent on the export of sugar as its main revenue earner, but in recent decades the economy has diversified into tourism and offshore finance.
British number two Aljaz Bedene will play Rafael Nadal at the Monte Carlo Masters after beating Lukas Rosol in round one.
Zimbabwe's women beat Cameroon 1-0 in the second leg of their final Olympic qualifier in Harare to book a place at Rio 2016.
West Ham beat Watford in a dramatic encounter at Upton Park to maintain their push for a place in Europe.
The teaching union EIS has suspended a programme of industrial action over the workload faced by teachers in relation to examinations.
Junior Brown headed the winner as Shrewsbury moved to the brink of League One safety with a victory over Southend.
Jade Lally has produced the longest discus throw by a British woman since 1983 to move to fourth in the 2016 world rankings.
A coroner has called for paediatric first aid training for all nursery staff after a nine-month-old baby choked while eating her nursery lunch.
